Flavor Flav:] You're blind baby you're blind from the facts on who you are
'cause you're watchin' that garbage.

The woman makes the men all pause
And if you got a woman
She might make you forget yours
There's a 5 letter word
To describe her character
But her brains being washed by an actor
And every real man that tries to approach
Come the closer he comes
He gets dissed like a roach

[REFRAIN:]
I don't think I can handle
She goes channel to channel
Cold lookin' for that hero
She watch channel zero

CHORUS:
She watch, She watch [4x]
[Flavor Flav:] Yo baby, you got to cut that garbage off. Yo! I wanna watch
the game. {Where's your doin'} Hey yo, lemme tell you a little som'in: I'm
'a take all your soaps, an' then I'm gonna hang 'em on a rope. You know what
I'm sayin'? 'Cause that garbage your watchin' don't make no sense. Hey yo,
lemme tell you a little som'in baby: I'm 'a take your set an' I'm 'a throw it
out the window. G's.

2, 7, 5, 4, 8 she watched she said
All added up to zero
And nothing in her head
She turns and turns
And she hopes the soaps
Are for real - she learns
That it ain't true, nope
But she won't survive
And rather die in a lie
Falls a fool - for some dude - on a tube

[REFRAIN, CHORUS]

[Flavor Flav:] Yo baby, you think I'm jokin'? Do it look like I'm jokin'? I
ain't jokin', word up, baby. Yo, cut that garbage off now. Yo, I got the
Tyson fight on, you know what I'm sayin'? Yo, so you can't be comin' in here
stackin' {aid} like that, you know what I'm sayin'? Yo, we gettin' ready to
watch the Super Bowl, we got a black quarterback so step back.

Trouble vision for a sister
'Cause I know she don't know, I quote
Her brains retrained
By a 24 inch remote
Revolution a solution
For all of our children
But her children
Don't mean as much as the show, I mean
Watch her worship the screen, and fiend
For a TV ad
And it just makes me mad

[REFRAIN, CHORUS]

[Flavor Flav:] Yo baby, can't you that's nonsense you watchin'? Look, don't
nobody look like that, nobody even live that, you know what I'm sayin'? You
watchin' garbage, not'in' but garbage. Straight up garbage. Yo, why don't
you just back up from the TV, read a book or som'in. Read about yourself,
learn your culture, you know what I'm sayin?