2 Fast 2 furious
I'm to fast for y'all man

2 Fast 2 furious

I'm to fast for y'all man

You just came home from doing a bid
Tell me what you gonna do? Act a fool
Somebody broke in and cleaned out your crib
Boy whatcha gonna do? Act a fool
Just bought a new pair and they scuffed your shoes
Tell me what you gonna do? Act a fool
Now them cops tryna throw you in them county blues
Boy whatcha gonna do? Act a fool

Talkin' about gats, traps, cops and robbers
It's 911 please call the doctor
Evacuate the building and trick the pigs
Since everybody want a piece of me, we gon split ya wigs
See some fools slipped up and over-stepped their boundaries
You about to catch a cold, stay the fuck around from me
Ya peeps talkin' 'bout what kinds of shit is he on
You dissapear like poof bitch be gone
You think 12's gon' catch me, gimmie a break
I'm super-charged with the hide-away licence plate
It seems they wanna finger print me and gimmie some years
They'll only get one finger while I'm shifting gears
I got suede on my roof, wood grain on the dash
Sheep skin on the rug, golden grain on the stash
Hydraulics all around so I shake the ride
We go front, back and side to side

Some punk just tripped up and made you spill your drink
Tell me what you gonna do? Act a fool
Now your car just stopped on a empty tank
Boy whatcha gonna do? Act a fool
If you got late bills and you lost your job
Tell me what you gonna do? Act a fool
If you about to get drunk and you ready to mob
Boy whatcha gonna do? Act a fool

Let's take it to the street cause I'm ready to cruise
Just bought me and my cars all some brand new shoes
And the people just stare so I love to park it
And I just put a computer in the glove compartment
With the pedal to the floor, radar in the grill
TV in the middle of my steering wheel
It's my car's birthday so we blowin' them candles

More speakers in my trunk than my ride can handle
Got my name in the head-rest, read it and weep
NOS tank in the back, camel hair on the seat
And when I pull up to da club, I get all the affection
Cause the women love the paint and they can see their reflection
I'm about to take off, F what you heard
Because my side mirrors flap like a fuckin' bird
And the fools, we gon clock one and we'll pop one
Cause my folk ridin' shotgun with a shotgun

You just got hustled for a wad of cash
Man whatcha gonna do? Act a fool
Now your friends just smoked up your brand new stash
Say whatcha gonna do? Act a fool
Now them girls up the block still running their mouth
Boy whatcha gonna do? Act a fool
If anyone talk bad 'bout the dirty south
Tell me what I'm gonna do? Act a fool

I got my eyes wide shut and my trunk wide open
Did donuts last week and the street still smokin'
See, I'm off that anti-freeze and my car is tipsy
Off the off ramp doin' about a hundred and fifty
Rollin' through East Pernium, on way to Ben Hill
Slide a 5 to the junkie to clean my windshield
Got the whole crew ridin' and we startin' shit
I even got a trailer hitched with the barbeque pit
Now all you wanna do is get drunk and pout
Plus your new name is fire cause we stomped you out
And yeah, we blow trees and bees, that's fantastic
So girls hold ya weaves while I'm weaving through traffic
I kicked to fifth gear and teared the road apart
You'll be like Lil' John Q and get a change of heart
It's one mission, two clips and some triple beams
I'm about to blow this whole shit up to smithereens

The pot holes in the street just bentcha rims
Tell me whatcha gonna do? Act a fool
Man, that ain't sticky, that's just sticks and steams
Boy whatcha gonna do? Act a fool
Catch a man with another bitch up in ya bed
Ladies whatcha gonna do? Act a fool
If the bottles all gone and your eyes are red
Boy whatcha gonna do? Act a fool

2 fast, 2 furious
2 fast... Act a fool
2 fast, 2 furious
2 fast... Act a fool
2 fast, 2 furious
2 fast... Act a fool
2 fast, 2 furious
2 fast... Act a fool