People watching there's people watching secret Santa
All you gifted people watching people watching secret cameras
They keep their distance
When you tried did it make a difference?
We're being so dramatic

People watching they're like, "why you laughing?"
I'm like "why you trying?"
They're like "stop asking"
I let a whole lot pass me
When you tried was it everlasting?
Was it ever answered? The last thing that you ever asked me

People watching, I watch the people pass me
People persons I don't get along with have
the nerve to ask me - "Are you sure about this?"
Please don't worry about this
If you don't hurry you won't ever catch me

I said if you love me and you want me to
stay, you just gotta give me the time of the day
You can always tell me how you want it to be,
I just have a feeling 'bout a couple of things

She told me that the pleasure and the secrets you
make, is dealing with depression in a meaningful way
She came to the show and I practically
beamed, she was dancing laughing at me

I write songs everywhere I go, everywhere I land
I don't have a band, I don't need a band
I wrote songs in Japan on my Grandma's
baby Grand, she was dancing clapping her hands

And what do you do if the mirror is lookin' at you funny?
Massachusetts maple syrup is sweeter than honey
The sunny side of the street is 200 degrees in the summer
And I'd bet everything I have on it,
I put a little razzmatazz on it, I'm only sad when I'm mad, honest
Fallin' out will put you back on it, hey
I said put a little back in it

But I make bad decisions, I make them all the time
We have inner demons that's a hell of a find
They say a dirty kitchen is some kind of a sign
Twenty-something vision with my eyes in my mind

I said if you love me and you want me to
stay, you just gotta give me the time of the day
You just gotta tell me how you want it to be,
I just got a feeling 'bout a couple of things

Time froze but kept count, I wasn't watching
It's been doing that my whole life I almost let it stop me

I love you for who you are - oh, ohh
I wasn't comparing to them, I was just staring at me
I will not ask for the answer, I live in the question for cheap
Included you 'til the tease who did you give the keys to?
Elusive as the words to describe - I wasn't
comparing at them, I was just staring at me
I will not ask for the answer, I live in the question for cheap
Included you 'til the tease who did you give the keys to?
Elusive as the words to describe how time in a dream moves

Time froze, I chose love, I won't budge
Most people I haven't met I don't judge
Or at least that's what I tell me to do,
sometimes it happens if I'm telling the truth
I'm fine, I'm laughing, I'm aware I'm the fool on the hill,
by the valley or the planet by the moon - I'm still feeling love
Mmhmm

I said "Do you love me, do you want me to stay?"
She just wanna smoke and watch anime
She can always tell me how she wants it to be,
she just has a feeling 'bout a couple of things

I said "Do you love me, do you want me to stay?"
She just wanna give me the time of the day
She can always tell me how she wants it to be,
I just have a feeling 'bout a couple of things

She just said I love you 'cause she's fucking with
me, she just has a feeling 'bout a couple of things
Mmhmmm

I love you for who you are
Time froze, I never let it stop me
Time froze, I'm just people watching