I was born and raised by the sea, shy yet proud,
Learned to stay away from the crowd
In my home, my lighthouse...
101 steps, round and dound
New Years Eve, one night in the town
Can change one life into eternity...

All I could see, her eyes,
We got caught in the moment, all of the night
Taken beyond all lines,
In silence leaving 'em all behind

She had found the sails, for the following night
The town, for her, was getting way too small
She promised to be mine
Forever, ... for that one night...

Moments, passion, small defeats
Concealed emotions, found in me
"You gave life to a brand new me..."

Crossing the wintry fields,
The first hour of morning light
Warmed by the flame inside,
The lasting memory of the ending night

I never had a chance to stop what hit me...
What broke my bones and mauled me...
After hours of deep, unwilling sleep... in a cold shelter
Fell back in the dark, and the hours of the day passed...

A nightmare awakes me, blinking light!
There's no guide, blind ships in the night
Oh blood red moon, eat away the night

Darkness covers my lonely soul,
No one to feed the dying light...

Good morn', oh dreadful day,
I prayed the moon had lit the sea instead of me...
For the sails of night,
"Please tell me everything's alright..."

My voice in the room broke the silence,
Everybody killed me with their eyes...
What I was to hear made the people cry,
Impossible for me to keep the tears inside

"All on board the White Pearl have died,
Coastal reef have tolled their lives
And you are the light of the night..."

One thing, I remember, before I fell on the ground...
Although I never saw the face,
A name was inked in his arm...

Love can be like poetry of demons, or maybe
God loves complex irony?
The family name stated I had seen before...
Written on her front door...

"Silence in the courthouse!"
A presence in the room, we both could feel
The father of her unborn child and me

All on board the White Pearl have died,
Coastal reef have tolled their lives
While I was the guide light...
Back in my tower, run, run, run
Light is out, I hope to see
Black oceans beneath rise and swallow me

One step will take me back inside, another sees my end
No one can love a man who guarded the light,
(Guarded the light, one faithful night)
Flaming eyes I must confront before I am stated free

Defining innocence is hell, after all that has past...
Building new walls inside my eternal night...
Although they took my heart and dried me up
Sometimes I still bleed...

Show me the way (show me the way)
The light will show me a way on the grisly reefs
Too many dead ends I see
No soul can save me
The respect I lost, the measure of a man...

10 000 steps down, round and round
One night at the town and I'm hell bound
Black oceans beneath come and swallow me
All on the board White Pearl had died,
Coastal reef come claim my life
Black oceans beneath come and swallow me

My little tower, seal my fate
Help me pay back, end their hate
Black oceans beneath come and swallow me
One direction, down, down, down
Pitch black night for my old town
Black oceans beneath shall now swallow me

"I hereby commit the body to the deep,
To be turned into corruption
Looking for the resurrection of the body,
When the Sea shall give up her dead
And the life of the world to come, through our Lord,
Amen."