Hello... Allow me to introduce myself
My name is, Shady; it's so nice to meet you
It's been a long time... Sorry I've been away so long
My name is, Shady... I never meant to leave you

You see that chick in the gym, checkin' me out?
Any second I'm bout to stick her neck in my mouth
I lose a pill, and I'm recklessly wreckin' the house
That was supposed to be breakfast, where the heck is it now
There's the necklace I lost, right next to Stephanie's blouse
Man I should check to see if my mom left any out
Nope, guess I'll re-route
Maybe somewhere in the depths of the couch
Oh, jackpot, yeah, open sesame mouth
Down the hatch, and the feelin' you can't match it
I rat-tat-tap on your door with the damn ratchet
Att-ack-tack-tacking a whore with the damn hatchet
A napsack pack with like 40-some Xanaxes
Shorty come back, I'm tryna score me some lap dances

I'm bout to relapse, so baby pour me some Jack Daniel's

Forumula 44D and 40's with bad capsules
The bad apple spoils the bunch, I'm back atcha

Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello
And are you menstruating baby, my lil' friend's waiting to say hello

The way your titties are wiggling and your booties shakin' like Jello
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello
My equilibrium's off, must be the lithium
I don't need to buy any drugs, man people gimme 'em
It just becomes everyday, extra curriculum
No reason in particular, it was strictly fun
A 5th of rum and 2 bottles of 151
51 people asleep in my damn living room
Excuse me hun, but what is your name, Vivian?
I woke up next to ya naked and err, did we um
Of course we did, but didn't I strap a jimmy, hun?
I'm looking for the torn wrapper, but there don't seem to be one

No offense baby girl, I don't mean any harm
But disease is something I'm trying to keep my penis free from
I find the package and I'm cool, I immediately run

Like Speedy Gonzales, see if I see anyone
Who might have a couple of 3's I'm fiending for some
My head is pounding to the beat of the drum
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello

And do you happen to have anything on you to make my mood mellow?
Some are opal and some are pink,
some are blue and some are just yellow
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello
Oh, those were the days, they certainly were
It's hurtin' me to know that I'll be closin' that curtain for good
(Word, word, word, word, word, word, word)
I second that and a third, rushed to emergency surgery
To try to flush me because of the drugs that he purchased
He's no longer getting them free, 100 bucks for these Percodans
Plus it's getting to be where he'll lustfully search the den
Pain is hitting his knee and his muscles be hurting him

Tirelessly on the phone trying to rustle up, muscle relaxers
For his back, and a couple of Paxils, now he's doubling backwards
And he's stumbling back, slipped and fell, hit his back bone
Heard something go crack, Now he's up in the bathroom

Like he's busting a nap, almost ended it that soon
Because of the fact, I'm just busting my own chops
While I'm busting a rap, resuscitated and rejuved, so fuck it I'm back
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello
And do you happen to have anything on you to make my mood mellow?
Some are opal and some are pink,
some are blue and some are just yellow
Girl I don't mean any harm all I wanted to do is just say hello
Hello... Allow me to introduce myself
My name is, Shady; it's so nice to meet you
It's been a long time... Sorry I've been away so long
My name is, Shady... I never meant to leave you