I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
Gucci's my absolute state of mind, like Waka's man

Chopper's brand, getting head in the car park, new Gallardo
This bitch sucking my dick today, call it yesterday's news tomorrow
Stretch a nigga out, I'm the new Tae-bo 'bout to cross over, I'm the new Ivo
'bout to saves a couple of these bitches, that's right, I'm the new Bible
You? You five-O, me? I'm all grounded to punishments
But I'm too fly though, y'all niggas be winin', I should call you Moscato
Look down at the floorboard

It looks like someone left a pair of stiletto shoes in my Tahoe
Never know what type of a ho inside of my ride I may let
Last night at the 5 a.m., and she ain't even recover from last Friday yet
Hoes all over the ride like it's an ice cream truck, I can see why they fret
I already ran over two hoes and I ain't get up the fucking drive way yet
Soon as I open the door, you try to resist, what for? Get in girl, don't push
Shorty your, fightin' an unwinnable war, it's useless as, tits on a boy, little
tits on a whore
Got a mack and it's screaming like little kids throwing fits on the floor
Get in the whip but you ain't turning, a frog into a prince, what you tryna keep

your hands on me for?
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
(No you don't)
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
(Not from me)
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
(Not on the lips, are you crazy?

Maybe the cheek but that's all you gon' get from me)
Now you in my whip just long as you understand that I can't be whipped
You say companionship, I say abandon ship, I'm a gigolo so you know
I'm always on the go, I ain't got no time to slow down for no relationshit
Drop the P and add a T, yeah, you can get mad at me all you want
But I'm ghost before you can even say boo, hun let alone call me one
A one night stand is all he wants but a female fan, yeah, one like Stan
So by the one nightstand this bedroom has two lamps and only one nightstand
Get the hint? Ooh yeah boo, ew! I ain't gonna argue but why do you think

They call it boo? Yeah, cause the sound of it's 'posed to scare you
Oh ho, we can share you in the back of the McLaren
I don't give a fuck what your name is, we gon' call you Hi and Bye
Hope you bi in the mean time your name is Sharon
Slow the flow down so I can what? Tell you same face
I make when I'm shooting the gun's the same face that I make when I fuck
From the back of my hand on your neck pressing your face against the sheets it's
insane
You been changed, cause I'm outta this world girl I got that Milky Way dick vein

I'm at an all-time high with highness, I'm at an all-time fly with flyness
And this is exactly what they say when they bow to your highness, yeah
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
(No you don't)
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
(Not from me)

I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
(Not on the lips, are you crazy?
Maybe the cheek but that's all you gon' get from me)
(Push a chick out the car while it's moving like Waka's man)
Her bottom's dark, but her top is tan, her private parts
Got her on the pole like the opposite of her papa's plan
(Come on stripper, let's hit the strip 180 throw it in reverse
And drop the trance! I'm in the trance, now look at this bitch dance)

Looking at this tramp, like what you wearing girl, quit playing
(Yeah bitch and them scrach and sniff pants? Well let me scratch 'em)
Let me sniff, yeah What? Did I say that?
I'm on lean like styrofoam cups and kickstands
Middle finger stuck on fuck, stiff pants
But girl you got a butt like no if ands
So can with the hell, maybe, oh hell, Shady, he'll tell it like it is
So tell Katie Perry he's on the tail, he's tailgating still bating
These bells are my maiden call and I'm here, bell's raiding and tell Lady
Gaga, she can quit her job at the post office, she's still a male lady

Wouldn't fuck her with her dick you heard, the verdict
Seein' he's allergic to divas, and take meat cleavers to 'em
Him don't give a damn about beaver do him?
What a demon, a behemoth, evil just seems to be seething through him

I like the little strip tease you doing this evening, you and me gon' find
Three more chickadees and have a menage like Nicki
You hot like a Dickie outfit in Texas without shit under it, sweating
Suck my dick, both gets to steppin to my logic
My patrick, my dick is hard, thick as a yardstick
What we gonna do? Ride around 'til we're carsick
Then I'm gonna put this shit in park like dog shit
And you can blow me in the dark in the parking lot
Out of the trailer park by the garbage
What you waiting on? Me to roll up the carpet?
The condoms are in the glove compartment, let's start it

Think I'm joking? What, am I sitting here
Tryna make fake farts with my armpits?
Tryna get you to spit pot through your nose?
Am I here to amuse you? Stop it
I'm in your pocket outside of a church
The other hand is at the bottom of your purse
You giving me head in a boxing stance
My dick's so big you could drop it in dirt

I'm not your man, we're sparring partners
There's five things you are in charge of, that's
Sucking a dick, sucking a dick, sucking a dick
Sucking a dick, sucking a dick
If you ain't sucking a dick, why you sitting there
With puckered lips? Oh that's collagen, mothafucking bitch
What you mean how'd you, get suckered into this
You gon' jump into my truck and then try to get truculent?
(You should be suffering, you should be cooking
You should be buckling your seatbelt with oven mitts)
Excuse me while I'm making an ass of myself
But it's only cause I just wanna get
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
(No you don't)
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
(Not from me)
I wanna get kissed, kissed, kissed
(Not on the lips, are you crazy?
Maybe the cheek but that's all you gon' get from me)