Fluoxetine, fluoxetine!
Paroxetine, paroxetine!
Citalopram, citalopram!

Take once a day

Fluoxetine, fluoxetine
Paroxetine, paroxetine
Citalopram, citalopram
May cause dry mouth

From the moment that we learn to walk and speak
Our parents tell us everyone's unique
Now, I'm not saying that advice is bad
But honey, you're not special 'cause you're sad

Not special, no you're not

The butcher, the baker, the grocery clerk
They're all on 20 milligrams or so

The movers
The shakers
The happy homemaker
You'd be surprised how many of them you know

Anti-depressants are so not a big deal
Big whoop, you're on an anti-depressant
Sweet cheeks, here's the deal

Welcome to the club with open admission
You're cast in the play that has no audition

Yes, everyone is special, that's usually the sitch
But when it comes to meds, you're such a basic bitch

I lost my job and for six months, I couldn't leave my bed, yeah!

When my husband died,
I stopped bathing and watched Christian TV instead, ooh!

Now we're on pills and it's less of a slog
Just ask any abused rescue dog
*bark*

The origins of life are messy and imprecise
We're all the result of natural selection

True! So why should I feel crappy
About something that makes me happy?

Though it may be hard to maintain an erection

Maybe you should adjust your dosage!
I already tried that, didn't work
Have you tried another medication?
Yep, but that one made me gain weight
Oh, that totally happened to me. It got better within a few months

Thanks, cool!

Anti-depressants are so not a big deal
Big whoop, you're on an anti-depressant

Take two with or without a meal

Fluoxetine, fluoxetine
Paroxetine, paroxetine
Our lawyers won't let us say brand names

Anti-depressants are so not a big deal
Big whoop, you're on an anti-depressant

*bark*
Connor, heel!

Some cry that in the past, we didn't medicate everyone
Cool, witch trials and the Crusades sound like so much fun

Anti-depressants are so common
That taking them is all we have in common