Never lookin' at the cost
Money fillin' up the vault (Uh)
My word be the law (Uh)
Bitches scary like Saw (Uh-ahh!)
Let it be known, if a bitch act grown
I'm coming strapped up like a bra (brrrah!)
She tried, but the bitch failed
Like I forgot to put down the salt (Yeah!)

A 'hunnid on the eWay
Shotgun in the briefcase
Spill a bitch brains, look like raspberry cheesecake (B-b-b-boom!)
I got so much money up on the line
I had to put that shit on three-way (Brrring!)
Up in your DM, ain't nobody buying (Hey!)
Now you sell pussy on eBay

Bitches ain't no shit (no!)
Sticky fingers, I'm slick (I'm slick!)
Niggas claim that they charged up
But got a whole shortage in they dick (fuck)
Check stubs look lit (What?)
Money double like Twix (it do)
Fuckers dunno who they wanna be
Like they're playing in the movie "Split"

The tea that I sip, it burn lip
Fly lil' bitch with my name on a blimp
What the man know I'm hot, check temp (woo!)
Bitches be fucking for a box of shrimp (okay!)

That could never be me
Niggas thirsty, drink some Fiji
Wrist, ice be so creamy
So we name it [?]

How the fuck your inches longer than your money?
(How? How? How? How?)
How you hittin', stains, with stains in your undies?
(How? How? How? How?)

Hoes claim they the realest
I'm like kill it, don't get me started
Be the same bitches that lie and
Blame it on other people like they farted (stankin'!)

Uber pull through the drive-thru
I'm tryna get me some Popeyes
Bought like twenty wings
You would think I'm 'bout to split it with Five Guys (I'm hungry!)
Might buy the Uber man some, it depends on how the line fly
Or he could keep the 50 Cent change
Get rich or die tryin'

I get no days off
Your dick is way soft
My niggas droppin' them pounds off like they into weight loss (woo!)
Ball hard, but I hate golf
Switch on me, that may cost
Nigga said he wanna see me but he's broke
Might aswell be Ray Charles

'Cause you ain't seein' me
Don't give a fuck who you be (no!)
Everything custom that you see
Made my jacket Spike Lee (dem spikes!)
Money all on the floor but I clean it off for your nigga neat [?]
I told him spell my name with his tongue
That's a killer in the beat (Uhh!)

Giggity, giggity
Bitches is silly, gee
All of my enemies try to get rid of me
I got the victory, shotgun big as me
Watch your step 'cause the blood's so slippery [?]

I'm that popular demand
Better pussy smell like ham
Got that money, Uncle Sam
Scamming nigga like Joanne
(Wooo!)
How the fuck your inches longer than your money?
(How? How? How? How?)
How you hit it, stains, with stains in your undies?
(How? How? How? How?)