Blue morning, blue morning,
Wrapped in strands of fist and bone,
Curiousity, Kitten,
Doesn't have to mean you're on your own,
You can look outside your window,
He doesn't have to know,
We can talk a while baby,
We can take it nice and slow.

All your life, is such a shame, shame, shame,
All your love, is just a dream, dream, dream.

Well are you happy where you're sleeping?
Does he keep you safe and warm?
Does he tell you when you're sorry?
Does he tell you when you're wrong?
Well, I've been watching you for hours,
It's been years since we were born,
We were perfect when we started,
I've been wondering where we've gone.

All your life, is such a shame, shame, shame,
All your love, is just a dream, dream, dream.

Well, I dreamt I saw you walkin'
Up a hillside in the snow,
Casting shadows on the winter sky,
As you stood there counting crows,
One for sorrow, two for joy,
Three for girls, and four for boys,
Five for silver, six for gold,
Seven for a secret never to be told.

Well there's a bird that nests inside you,
Sleeping underneath your skin,
Yeah, when you open up your wings to speak,
I wish you'd let me in.

All your life, is such a shame, shame, shame,
All your love, is just a dream, dream, dream.
Open up your eyes, you can see the flames, flames, flames,
Of your wasted life, you should be ashamed.

Yeah. and you don't want to waste your life, baby,
Oh, you don't wanna waste your life now, darlin'
You don't wanna waste your life, baby,
You don't wanna waste your life now, darlin'
And, You don't wanna waste your life now, baby,
I said, You don't wanna waste your life now, darlin'
Oh, You don't wanna waste your life now, baby,
Ahh, you don't wanna, you don't wanna waste your life now, darlin'

Change, change, change,
Change, change, change,
Change, change, change.

I walk along these hillsides in the summer 'neath the sunshine,
I am feathered by the moonlight fallin' down on me,
I said I walk along these hillsides in the summer 'neath the sunshine,
I am feathered by the moonlight falling down on me,
I said I will walk along these hillsides in the summer 'neath the sunshine,
I am feathered by the moonlight fallin' down on me,
I said I will walk along these hillsides in the summer 'neath the sunshine,
I am feathered by the moonlight.

Change, change, change,
Change, change, change, yeah,
Change, change, change, oh,
Change, change, yeah,
Oh Change, change, change,
Wo-ah Change, change, change,
Oh Change, change, change,
Change, change, change,
Change, change, change.