My dick I know it's, yeah, it's unfamiliar, yeah

Baby, can you sucky on my dick? I know it's big enough
Ride with a nigga from the South, I know you feel the rush
Fucking with a nigga, bitches rarely ever get to touch
Better feel privileged, catch another, you can hit the dust
I done grown up for my child sake, black and mild face
Look up loud place, never crowd place
Never skirt chase, maybe first grade
Never last place, never had brakes
Pop a transmission, always had faith
Always had trace, always had James
In that duplex, hit a suplex, fuck a crew neck
$pottie solo up in recess
Never regress, Georgia peaches
Grab her cheek ass, such a slutbag
Baby nut rag, never cuff that
Love a hoodrat where there's puss at
Barely have me going on that Sosa, I never go back
I never hit it raw again, fucking with the law again
Picking up trash on highways, never my way
Blasé blasé, sneaking shotty
Fuck a Friday, I'm with Robert
Chugging bombay, fuck your turn up
Fuck your turn out, we gon burn up
Fuck your mosh pit, I'm on my shit
On that Tribe shit, got that Phife Dawg
I might bite, bitch, I'm on tablet
Scribble down, I'm rapping like Kool
Inspire all my local jokers who be quitting that school
They be hating that job, I was hating that too
I was flipping your burger high as a bitch, but I'm cool
I think I'm blessed now
I only stress about the stress now since I'm fresh now
I pull that motherfucking dress down (dress down, dress down)

And I'm gon' testify girl
And I'm gonna touch your thighs
I'm gon' spend the night, girl
U like?

I heard that you was serving all that pussy, whats it going for?
I heard that you was serving all that pussy, whats it going for?
I heard that you was serving all that pussy, whats it going for?
I heard that you was serving all that pussy, whats it going for?
I heard that you was serving all that pussy, whats it going for?
I heard that you was serving all that pussy, whats it going for?
I heard that you was serving all that pussy, whats it going for?
I heard that you was serving all that pussy, whats it going for?