You have the power, power to save
You have the power to save me!

Let me tell you a tale about a rivalry
Grab an Eagle Number Two and keep the score
There were these two young boys that came from average broken homes
With all the luxuries the middle class affords

Oh, Lord...

Elon's making me so sad
'Cause I calculated the math of our birthdates
And I had a head start out of the start gate
2 years plus 86 days, but that all went to waste
Oh, Elon you're making me so sad
'Cause the race that I wanted to have was not much of a race
And I tried, Love!
And for a moment I thrived, Love!
But could not keep my stride up to keep pace

But for a second, there's no question
I had the lead in ninety-five
I mismanaged my advantage
Like a rocket ship he blasted by
To incredible heights, incredible heights

In nineteen eighty-two, on Christmas day
Santa gave us each a brand-new Commodore
I used mine to make fake I.D.'s and buy beer in junior high
While my foe studied every bit of that 8bit whore

Are you keeping score?

'Cause, Elon's making me so sad
'Cause I calculated the math of our birthdates
And I had a head start out of the start gate
2 years plus 86 days, but that all went to waste
Oh, Elon you're making me so sad
'Cause the race that I wanted to have was not much of a race
And I tried, Love!
For a moment, I thrived, Love!
But could not keep my stride up to keep pace

But for a second, there's no question
I had the lead in ninety-five
But the small ambitions of a musician
I could not keep my eye on the prize
I watched him fly by, to incredible heights

When it's time to say goodbye
What will they write on my tombstone?
Just that last little line from the Happy Days Video

Not so good, Jonze

Hey, Elon! (Hey, Elon!)
I don't know what I have become (Hey, Elon!)
I need someone to help change my fate

I think you can save me! (Can you save me?)
Do you think you can save me? (I think you can save me!)
Do you have the power to help me escape?

Oh, Elon! Let me be the first one
Of your new civilization to be saved
Yes! I'll try, Love!
I swear to you I can thrive, Love!

This time I'll keep my stride up and keep pace
Only you can change my Q-score!
Make me the first one out of that door

First boots out on the Martian Floor to proclaim...
Oh, that Elon! Sent me all the way, Son
A hundred thirty-nine million miles away!

Elon! Send me away; send me away!
Elon, send me away
Elon! Tell me I'm saved;
tell me I'm saved! (You have the power, power to save)
Elon, tell me I'm saved (You have the power to save me!)
Elon! Tell me I'm saved;
tell me I'm saved! (You have the power, power to save)
Elon, tell me I'm saved,
send me away! (You have the power to save me!)

And then I will say
I went to Mars and won the race!
Yeah, I will say, I took first-place!
Oh, I rode that Old Heart of Gold the whole way
And in the end, hey! I won the race! (Send me away!)
Oh, Elon! Let me win the race; win the race!
Oh, Elon! Let me take first place!
Elon! Tell me I am saved; I am saved!
Elon tell me I am saved! (Send me away!)

You have the power to save me! (Tell me I am saved!)
Elon, tell me I am saved!
(You have the power to save me, send me away!)
You have the power to save!