I'm standing on the edge of life
With one foot in the air and the other one on the solid ground
I always lived like there's no tomorrow, but lately, I've lived like there's no today
And I can't think of a reason for me to stay
Winter came and we follow the seasons
We grew colder without a reason
We should've kept us warm, but instead, we choose to bare arm
And I just can't sleep, not after this

The picture of us is fading like leaves on trees at ends fall
In the end, what will be left? Will you remember me at all?
We're no longer adolescent
So I keep fighting the hands of time because time here is of the essence
I remember a time so pure and I want it back
Because I miss the feeling of being secure
So hear my voice through the echoes, through the subtle wave of a discord
It's a drop in the sea, but it's so important that you hear me

The sun never felt so cold, how can we grow when the fields are dead?
How can we love when we hate instead?
A passion supposed to be timeless
I left my heart being restless and sleepless
You want forgiveness? Now I want time to go backwards
To take back the years, I gave away to someone who's heartless
But maybe I don't deserve to be happy?
But since misery loves a company, why don't you stick around with me?
And what you promised me from the start you break as easily as my heart
So come and watch me fall apart

Are you listening? Can you hear me out in this song?
Let me open my heart up and tell you how we went from right to wrong
Am I the one to blame? Did I start this fire by myself?
Am I supposed to dream when these nights without you made me sleepless

I just can't sleep, not after this, not after this
Sing it

I can't sleep with these voices inside
I keep hearing of regrets like it's up to you to decide
Put your hand on my mouth so I'll sleep
Take my breath away like you always did
Come smother me so I can sleep

I am sick and tired and weak
I am hopeless and fragile, a freak
Will you sing me to sleep in the end
Will it ever end?
I am sick and tired and weak
I am hopeless and fragile, a freak
Will you sing me to sleep in the end
Will it ever end?