Baddest white bitch in the club
Hot boys on my dick in the club
Tell 'em chill out, super thick in the club
This my new shit, play this in the club (Hey, Iggy)
Pretty squad women makin' minute men bust like a semi (rrah)
Hit me late night like Jimmy
If I give it to him once,
he gon' chase me 'round the city like (hey Iggy)

Where you get that ass?
Where's the number to your doctor 'cause bitch you bad?
Nosey hoes asking 'bout my brand new nose
'Bout my bank account,
got some brand new O's (ohh, hah, go it) (hey Iggy)
Heard he go the work, wanna be my assistant
He love the white chocolate, I'm thicker than a snicker
Thicker than a stripper, if she clap it, I'mma tip her (hey Iggy)

Where you get that ass,
low-low waist, brand new bag? (hey Iggy, hey Iggy)

I say hey Iggy, you're so fine,
you're so fine, you blow my mind (hey Iggy, hey Iggy)
I say hey Iggy, you're so fine,
you're so fine, you blow my mind (hey Iggy, hey Iggy)

Baddest white bitch in the game,
I could make Future put down the drink
From trapping in Miami, nominations at the Grammies
Haters can't stand me but they love me at the bank (hey Iggy)
You want that in all hunnids?
It really turn me on seeing bitches getting money
It really turn me off seeing boys actin' thirsty
Told them I'd be bad and I curved him (hey Iggy)

Where you get that ass?
Feeling on my booty while I fill my glass
This's what you want, what you need, huh?
For the dope boys doubling their re-up
For the hot girls pulling at their G-Strings
You're gon give it to them soon as
you leave, huh? (leave, huh?) (hey, Iggy)

Why they hate Iggy?
While you was on a diet, your girl made Millies
Fuck beef, I got more estate than Philly

Where you get that ass,
low-low waist, brand new bag? (hey Iggy, hey Iggy)

I say hey Iggy, you're so fine,
you're so fine, you blow my mind (hey Iggy, hey Iggy)

Baddest white bitch in the game,
I could make Future put down the drank
Baddest white bitch in the club, hot boys on my dick in the club
(Hey Iggy, hey Iggy)