We return from the depths of the badland
With a gun and a knife and a waistband
Went to war with the devil and shaytan
He wore a bad toupee and a spray tan
So high now, hoping that I land
(?) moving through Thailand
On the radio heard 'em playing hijack
Government being that, I'm a (?)
I move in a world of conspiracies
Obey no rules, I'm doing me
Smoke kush, transport to the airport
Customs found a joint and my passport
Pull cash and I gave him what he asked for
God damnit it's a motherfucking miracle
Small bribe, made it back into America
Hit Uber and maneuvered out the area
Rhyme animal, pitbull terrier
Rap terrorist, terrorize, teared up
Brought gas and the matches to flare it up
Militant Michael might go psycho
On any ally or rival
Born black, that's dead on arrival
My job is to fight for survival
In spite of all of these all lives matter ass white folk

This is spiritual warfare you're dealing with.
This is not a fight that you have been dealing with Christian blood
but this is a fight against principalities
and evil doers and unclean spirits.
(RTJ3 motherfuckers)

Rain man didn't die face down in the Vietnam mud so I could not style on you
I didn't walk uphill both ways to the booth and back to not wyl on you
You think baby Jesus killed Hitler just so I'd whisper?
When you're safe and sound and these crooks tap your phone and I'll have a file on you
What me worry? Nah buddy, I've lost before, so what?
You a (?), I'm Dun motherfucker I can't be crushed
Fuckers open a bush up and stop bullshitting the kid
My dick got a mission to storm on par with the best ever took the gig
I'ma super cap, from don data to dusk, don't bother to touch
I got firm clutch on the grip and the pumps
I might ghost ride the tank, take it out of the bank
Got the son of Rick Ruben rushing full thrust
Don't (?) weak shit to the shark tank judge
Talk real good cause I'm smart and stuff
We a good crew to fuck with, better luck

I told y'all suckers,
I told y'all suckers. I told y'all on RTJ1,
then I told ya again on RTJ2,
and you still ain't believe me. So here we go, RTJ3

Talk to me
RTJ, Talk to me