Yeah, my niggas
Throw your hands in the air right now, man
Feel this shit right here
Scott Storch, nigga
Yeah, Khaled I see you, nigga
Show Big Pun love, yeah

I don't give a fuck 'bout your fault or mishaps, nigga
We from the Bronx, New York, shit happens
Kids clappin', love to spark the place
Half the niggas in the squad, got a scar on their faces

It's a cold world and this is ice
Half a mil' for the charm, nigga, this is life
Got the Phantom in front of the building, Trinity Ave
Ten years been legit, they still figure me bad

As a young'n, it was too much to cope with
Why you think, mo'fuckers nick named me, Cook Coke Shit
Should've been called Don Robbery
Extortion, or maybe Grand Larceny

I did it all, I put the pieces to the puzzle
This long, I knew me and my peoples was gone bubble
Came out the gate on some flow Joe shit
Fat nigga with the shoty was the logo, kid

Said my niggas don't dance, we just pull up our pants and
Do the rock away (can you hear me?)
Now lean back, lean back ([...])
Lean back, lean back, come on
I said my niggas don't dance, we just pull up our pants and
Do the rock away (can you hear me?)
Now lean back, lean back (that's right)
Lean back, lean back, come on

R to the eezy, M to the whizzah
My arms stay breezy, the don's stay fizzah
I got a date at eight, I'm in a seven forty fizzive
And I just bought a bike so I can ride till I die

With a matchin' jacket 'bout to cop me a mansion
My niggas in the club, but you know they not dancin'
We gangsta, and gangstas don't dance or boogie
So never mind how we got in here with burners and hoodies

Listen, we don't pay admission and bouncers don't check us
And we walk around the metal detectors
And there really ain't a need for a VIP section
In the middle of the dance floor reckless, check it

Said he like my necklace, started relaxin'
Now that's what the fuck I call a chain reaction
See, money ain't a thing, nigga, we still the same, nigga
Flows just changed now we 'bout to change the game, nigga

Said my niggas don't dance, we just pull up our pants and
Do the rock away (can you hear me?)
Now lean back, lean back ([...])
Lean back, lean back, come on
I said my niggas don't dance, we just pull up our pants and
Do the rock away (can you hear me?)
Now lean back, lean back (that's right)
Lean back, lean back, come on

Now we livin' better now, Gucci sweater now
And that G4 could fly through any weather now
See, niggas get tight when you worth some millions
That's why I sport this chinchilla to hurt their feelings

You can find Joe Crack at all type of shit
Out at Vegas, front row to all the fights and shit
If I woulda brought Compton, then they'd prolly squeal
'Cause half these rappers, they blow like Derek Foreal

If you cross the line, damn right, I'm gon' hurt you
These faggot niggas even made gang signs commercials
Even Lil' Bow Wow throwin' it up
B2K crip walkin' like that's what's up

Kay keep tellin' me to speak about the rucker
Matter of fact, I don't wanna speak about the rucker
Not even Pee Wee Kirkland could imagine this
My niggas didn't have to play to win the championship

(Come on)
Niggas don't dance, we just pull up our pants and
Do the rock away (can you hear me?)
Now lean back, lean back ([...])
Lean back, lean back
Come on
I said my niggas don't dance, we just pull up our pants and
Do the rock away (Can you hear me?)
Now lean back, lean back, (that's right)
Lean back, lean back, come on

Yeah (can you hear me?)
Bronx, B X borough, Terror Squad
Big Pun forever
Tony Montana forever (can you hear me?)
Yeah streets is ours, come on
Nah, man
It ain't never gonna stop
Church, Raul, J.P. fo' ev', come on