Scrap the Producer
Yuh

Feel like I'm ridin' in a spaceship (huh?),
15 for my shades bitch (yeah, yeah, yeah, my shades bitch)
Pistol to his ear (yeah)
I'm like, "what the fuck you say bitch?"(what the fuck you say bitch)
I'm ridin' in a spaceship(huh?), 15 for my shades bitch (for my what?)
Pistol to his ear (haha)
I'm like, "what the fuck you say bitch?" (yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm ridin' in a huh?
(I'm ridin' in a what?) 15 for my what? (15 for my shades bitch)
Pistol to his ear (haha)
I'm like, "what the fuck you say bitch?" (what the fuck you what?)
I'm ridin' in a spaceship (in a spaceship),
15 for my shades bitch (for my shades bitch)
Pistol to his ear
I'm like, "what the fuck you say bitch?"

Yuh, yuh, yuh, feel like I'm riding in a spaceship (yeah, yeah)
Lemme make this clear (this clear)
I just smoked about ten grams on the way here (on the way here)
You ain't smoking no gas, boy you be fake hit (nigga you be fake hit)
You ain't got no bottles in the
club, you be fake lit (you be fake lit)
I could show you how to get some
money, nigga wait here (nigga wait here)
They say how she get her name so fast,
like she don't play fair (that bitch don't play fair)
All these bitches is my kids you'd think
I own a daycare (you'd think I got daycare)
This ain't where you play around,
nigga it ain't safe here (nigga it ain't safe here)
If you ain't fuck with me back then,
then nigga stay there (nigga you can stay there)
Designer frames on my face,
I had to make that shit clear (had to make that shit clear)
Blue Benjamin's I'm counting match my blue hair (they match my what?)
Truth is they won't try shit, nigga I dare (yeah nigga, bitch)
You know I'm

Hook]
Yuh feel like I'm ridin' in a spaceship (ridin'
in a what?), 15 for my shades bitch (15 for my huh?)
Pistol to his ear
I'm like, "what the fuck you say bitch?"
I'm ridin' in a spaceship (yuh,
yuh), 15 for my shades bitch (Rico, Rico)
Pistol to his ear
I'm like, "what the fuck you say bitch?" (what?)
Feel like I'm ridin' in a huh?
(spaceship) 15 for my what? (shades bitch)
Pistol to his ear
I'm like, "what the fuck you say bitch?"
I'm ridin' in a spaceship (yeah, yeah, yeah),
15 for my shades bitch (yeah, yeah, ooh yeah)
Pistol to his ear (yeah, haha)
I'm like, "what the fuck you say bitch?"

I don't pass the blunt, I face it (I face it)
I'm winnin', they can't face it (face it, haha)
I know that I'ma make it (haha, yeah, yeah, ooh)
It's so close, I can taste it
She say can she get a little, she just wanna taste it (yeah)
Chase your dreams
If you got some talent you better not
waste it (know you better not waste it)
Wasted, if you fuck her then,
you better use a latex (know you better use a latex)
Niggas be undercover, eavesdroppin',
tryna hear shit (eavesdroppin', tryna hear shit)
Pistol to his ear (haha),
maybe I can let you hear this (bow, bow, bow, let you hear this)
Fuck being broke, a young bitch, tryna get rich (I'm tryna get rich)
Fuck what I owe (yeah, yeah, yeah),
lil' nigga come and take it (come and take it)
In the stu all night (haha) cause trappin'
be my day shift (cause trappin be my what?)
Bitch, bring your own gas (haha),
cause niggas like to lace shit (cause niggas love to lace shit)
Bitches like to talk a lot but see me and
don't say shit (see me and don't say shit)

Yuh, feel like I'm ridin' in a spaceship
(spaceship), 15 for my shades bitch (my shades bitch)
Pistol to his ear (haha)
I'm like, "what the fuck you say
bitch?" (like what the fuck you say bitch?)
I'm ridin' in a spaceship (huh?),
15 for my shades bitch (15 for my what?)
Pistol to his ear
I'm like, "what the fuck you say bitch?"
I'm ridin' in a huh (ridin' in a
spaceship)? 15 for my what? (shades bitch)
Pistol to his ear (yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm like, "what the fuck you say bitch?" (yeah, yeah)
I'm ridin' in a spaceship
(spaceship), 15 for my shades bitch (my what?)
Pistol to his ear
I'm like, "what the fuck you say bitch?" haha (yeah, yeah, yeah
Ooh)