Ta-da-da-da-dah
It's the motherfuckin' D-O-double-G
Snoop Dogg!
Ta-da-da-da-dah
You know I'm mobbin' with the D.R.E.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
You know who's back up in this, motherfucker!
What, what, what, what?
So blaze the weed up then!
Blaze it up, blaze it up!

Just blaze that shit up, nigga!
Yeah, 'sup Snoop?

Top Dogg, bite me all, nigga burn the shit up
D-P-G-C my nigga turn that shit up
C-P-T, L-B-C, yeah we hookin' back up
And when they bang this in the club, baby, you got to get up
Thug niggas, drug dealers, yeah they givin' it up
Lowlife, yo' life, boy we livin' it up
Takin' chances while we dancin' in the party fo' sho'
Slip my hoe a forty-fo' and she got in the back do'
Bitches lookin' at me strange but you know I don't care
Step up in this motherfucker just a-swangin' my hair
Bitch quit talkin', quick walk if you down with the set
Take a bullet with some dick and take this dope from this jet

Out of town, put it down for the Father of Rap
And if yo' ass get cracked, bitch shut yo' trap
Come back, get back, that's the part of success

If you believe in the X you'll be relievin' the stress

Ta-da-da-da-dah
It's the motherfuckin' D.R.E.
Dr. Dre, motherfucker!
Ta-da-da-da-dah
You know I'm mobbin' with the D-O-double-G
Straight off the fuckin' streets of C-P-T
King of the beats you ride to 'em in your Fleet, Fleetwood
Or Coupe DeVille rollin' on dubs
How you feelin', whoopty-whoop, nigga what?
Dre and Snoop chronic'ed out in the 'llac
with Doc in the back, sippin' on 'gnac
Clip in the strap, dippin' through hoods
Compton, Long Beach, Inglewood!
South Central out to the Westside

It's California Love, this California bud got a nigga gang of pub
I'm on one, I might bail up in the Century Club
With my jeans on, and my team strong
Get my drink on, and my smoke on
Then go home with, somethin' to poke on

Loc it's on for the two-triple-oh
Comin' real, it's the next episode

Hold up, hey
For my niggas who be thinkin' we soft
We don't play
We gon' rock it till the wheels fall off
Hold up, hey
For my niggas who be actin' too bold
Take a seat
Hope you're ready for the next episode
He-hey-hey-hey
Smoke weed everday