Ohh, ohhhh
Ohh, ohhhh
Ohh, ohhhh (woaahh)
Ohh, ohhhh (woahhh)
Ohh, ohhhh

They say my brain meltin', and the only thing I'll tell 'em
Is I'm livin' for the present and the future don't exist
So baby take your clothes off, a chance like this
You may never get to show off, show off
Show off what you talkin' 'bout, unless you like to tease, baby
When in reality you don't know how to please, baby
Blue-ball queen, take your fuckin' seat, baby
Ride it out, now I know you wanna scream, baby

I'm better than your next man
And if he swingin' I get dumber than the next man
'Cause I don't play, unless it's keys then I play all day (all day)
You like them keys? We gon' play all day (all day)
Wet dream, fry your brain all day, all day
I think you lost your morals, girl (what?)
But it's okay, 'cause you don't need 'em where we're goin'
In that two-floor loft in the middle of the city
After rollin' through the city with me
I promise you gon' see that I'm only fuckin' 20, girl
Amnesia, put your mind in a dream world
What you doin' in the bathroom?
I hear noises in the bathroom
Baby, it's okay
We can do it in the living room, twistin' turns in 'em
The only girls that we fuck with
Seem to have 20 different pills in 'em
They tell us that they love us even though they want a next man
And the next man's bitch want the third man
Eddie Murphy shit, yeah, we trade places
Rehearse lines to them, and then we fuck faces

Yeah, we know just how to get a buzz
Mix it with the hash, come fuck with us
I'm raw, motherfucker, I'm raw
My love so lost in my niggas, man
These bitches can't touch what we got if they wanted
I'll plug any nigga that'll step, man, I got 'em, yeah, I got 'em
'Til the ending of our credits, life's such a movie
Filmed independent, "Us Against The City"

Please, don't get offended when we don't answer your calls
And if you got a problem, come and find us, we can talk about it
What's good, young ho? You about it?
Got a loft right now, you're inside it
You're inside it

What you thinkin' about?
What you thinkin' about?
Yeah...
What you thinkin' about?
What you thinkin' about?
What you thinkin' about?
What you thinkin' about?
What you thinkin'?
I know everything
I–
I know it all
I know it all