The first thing I say in the morning is "fuck that shit!"
People are offended and tired, so fuck that shit
I walk myself to my church service and ask for this:
Balance my brain chemicals, so I can give a shit
(Shit)

Stay back, and don't make advances
I'll keep my side of the trade
(Here is a blatant remark)
And I thought forbidden contacts were in order
(Contacts were in order)
(I'll never get arrested)
This is all for the opposition, for the opposition

Make it right
Put your soul on ice
Give a chance to make this better
Make it right
Put your soul on ice
Let's wait to pull that lever
Make this right
Put your soul on ice
I need to make this better
Make this right
Put your soul on ice
But I still make this wrong

I get hyphy on such a decadent mixture
Man, we're back again
But I'm only here for just one more show
Feel the back of my hand
Feeling alone on such a decadent mixture
Wanna hit ya, get your picture, and just take you home
Record banter
We make post parole

And then, and then I took the keys right out of the ignition
And I, and I ran, broke out, down, running down the street
Looking for where the hell, where the hell can I hide?
People, people trying to ask me questions, man
I don't know the fucking answers!
I, I just got this rock
I just got this rock
Rock solid!

Raise your hand if the system has missed you, man
Your money ain't going as far as it used to
Raise your hand if the system has missed you, man
Raise your hand
Raise your fucking hand

"Oh, hey Jon! How's it going, man?"
"Oh, I'm alright wh-whatever."
"Did you, did you hear about that party?"
"No, no, no, where's that?"
"Dude. I... Is it 26 and P or, or what?"
"It, it's, it's L"
"What?"
"Yeah."
"Dude, I've been driving around for like, fucking half an hour."
"I thought you were picking me up right now."
"Well, I was going to, but I had to stop at the store, and get some fucking shit."
"You had to stop at the store?"
"Well, what are we going to fucking drink?"
"Do you still have the money that I gave you earlier?"
"Well, not really, because I fucking had to buy beer."
"That's fucked up man, every time I pick you up, and I spend my money on you..."
"You know what. Whatever, alright. Whatever. I don't give a shit."
"Yeah, well, I'm still going. Are you going to come?"
"I'll pick you up still, but, I mean, the party is going to be over by the time I get over there."
"Whatever. You know, it doesn't really matter right now because you are rock solid."
"Rock solid?"
"Rock solid."
"We're both rock solid."
"That's right."

(Raise your hand!) Raise your hand if the system has missed you
Your money ain't going as far as it used to
(Your hand!) Raise your hand if the system has missed you
Your money ain't going as far as it used to

(Your money ain't going) Raise your hand if the system has missed you
(As far as it used to) Your money ain't going as far as it used to
(Your money ain't going) Raise your hand if the system has missed you
(As far as it used to) Your money ain't going as far as it used to

And if (And if)
You persist (Persist)
Oh, well (Oh, well)
I might just have to live with it (Live with it)