I fed the clues of a lost day killed in motion
But I thought out it so like there's no other way it could of been done
Will they size my fit for a puzzle I wish not to play part in it?
A heart stained in hate, a feeling I fear will play circles

But you, you were my favorite
But you, you know, you were my favorite

I've severed my ties to shroud this body under the streets of this city
And wait for the day when I am summoned to walk across the face
Well slowly but clearer now in visions that play and plague memories
I love them with all as a son should to mother and father

But you, you were my favorite
But you, you know, you were my favorite

Would I walk through the door,
Shedding the light of all life?
With the rise and reform,
Would I come as before?

Pray you're not the only one
Pray you're not the only...

If given mistakes would I take them back?
If erasing them could
If erasing them would

But would they be the words that I would say?
Your face and a door between
I've parted three ways
For you, the Newo that I loved

Did you ever really know before, my face shamed to break?
Did you ever really know before, my mind scared to think?
Did you ever really know before, my name son to these?
Did you, did you, did you come clean, in the end from the start?

Dear Ambelina, the Prise wishes you to watch over me
Dear Ambelina, the Prise wishes all to watch over me

I fought the decisions that called and lost
My mark has a relevant piece in this
I will come reformed
In short for the murders of those I court
I bless the hour that holds your fall
I will kill you all

I will call you (I will cross you out)
Out from shelter
Burn your wings,
You'll know no better (Burn your wings)

I will call you (I will cross you out)
Out from shelter
Burn your wings
And learn their letters (Burn your wings)

I will call you (Dear Ambelina,)
Out from shelter (The Prise wishes you)
Burn your wings (To watch over me)
You'll know no better. (Burn your wings)

I will call you (Dear Ambellina,) (I will cross you out)
Out from shelter
Burn your wings (To watch over me)
And learn their letters (Burn your wings)

I will call you (Dear Ambellina)
Out from shelter (The Prise wishes you)
Burn your wings (To watch over me)