Hello boys and girls
Today we're gonna talk about father and daughter relationships

Do you have a Daddy?
I'll bet you do!
Who's your Daddy?

Daddy, what are you doing?

Haha

Okay, then!

Everybody, listen up!

I'm goin to hell, who's comin' with me?
Somebody, please help him!
I think my dad's gone crazy!

There's no mountain I can't climb
There's no tower too high
No plane that I can't learn how to fly
What do I gotta do to get through to you to show you there ain't nothing I can't take this chainsaw to
Fuckin' brain's brawn, and brass balls
I cut 'em off 'n' got 'em pickled and bronzed in a glass jar
Inside of a hall with my framed autographed
Sunglasses with Elton John's name on my drag wall

I'm out the closet, I've been lying my ass off

All this time me and Dre have been fucking with hats off
So tell Laura and her husband to back off
Before I push this motherfuckin' button and blast off

And launch one at these russians, and that's all
Blow every fucking thing, except Afghanistan on the map, off
When will it stop?

When will I knock the crap off?

Hailie, tell 'em, baby

My dad's lost it!

There's really nothin' else to say, I can't explain it
I think my dad's gone crazy!
A little help from Hailie Jade, won't you tell 'em, baby?

I think my dad's gone crazy!
Theres nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me

I think my dad's gone crazy!
There's no one on Earth that can save me, not even Hailie
I think my dad's gone crazy!

It's like my mother always told me

Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana Rana
And codeine and goddamit, you little motherfucker
If you ain't got nothin' nice to say then don't say nothin'
Uhhh...
Fuck that shit, bitch!

Eat a motherfuckin' dick, chew on a prick, and lick a million motherfuckin' cocks per second
I'd rather put out a motherfucking gospel record
I'd rather be a pussy-whipped bitch, eat pussy and have pussy-lips glued to my face with a clit-ring in my nose

Then quit bringin my flows, quit giving me my ammo
Can't you see why I'm so mean?
If y'all leave me alone, this wouldn't be my M.O

I wouldn't have to go, eene-meene-minie-moe

Catch a homo by his toe, man, I don't know no more
Am I the only fuckin' one who's normal any more!?
Dad!

There's really nothin' else to say here, I can't explain it
I think my dad's gone crazy!
A little help from Hailie Jade, won't you tell 'em, baby?

I think my dad's gone crazy!
Theres nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me
I think my dad's gone crazy!
There's no one on Earth that can save me, not even Hailie

I think my dad's gone crazy!

My songs can make you cry, take you by surprise
At the same time, can make you dry your eyes with the same rhyme
See, what you're seeing is a genius at work which to me isn't work
So it's easy to misinterpret it at first
'Cause when I speak, it's tongue-in-cheek
I'd yank my fuckin' teeth before I'd ever bite my tongue, I'd slice my gums
Get struck by fuckin' lightning twice at once
And die and come back as Vanilla Ice's son
And walk around the rest of my life spit on
And kicked and hit with shit every time I sung
Like R. Kelly as soon as "Bump and Grind" comes on
More pain inside of my brain than the eyes of a little girl
Inside of a plane, aimed at the World Trade
Standing on Ronnie's grave, screaming at the sky till clouds gather
It's Clyde Mathers and Bonnie Jade
And that's pretty much the gist of it
The parents are pissed, but the kids love it
Nine millimeter heaters stashed in two-seaters with meat cleavers
I don't blame you, I wouldn't let Hailie listen to me neither

There's really nothin' else to say here, I can't explain it
I think my dad's gone crazy!
A little help from Hailie Jade, won't you tell 'em, baby?
I think my dad gone crazy!
Theres nothin' you could do or say that could ever change me
I think my dad's gone crazy!
There's no one on Earth that can save me, not even Hailie
I think my dad's gone crazy!
...Crazy

Ha ha ha ha!
You're funny, Daddy!