Remember when I told you how my
Kin is different in some ways?
And how you should not fall in love
With someone like me, anyway...
Between the lines, people see signs
When they feel the sear, every day is fear...
And one night their torch will
Find the girl without a name...
And the one who has her
Love is no more safe...

And until I get my peace I'm but a shade.
The sun lit the White Mountain's snow covered peaks,
There I see you, amongst the good people, suffering...
She is the One, the unwanted, decidedly so,
'Cause she makes our children cry.
It's a fact, she is exactly that!
A harbinger of death from the World of Witchcraft,
And she's feeding them cakes and her ale to this innocent boy,
And her magic brings dismay...
I hear her in the wind, the bane of our town
Come with me, father, I'm to expose a heathen

In my home town
No one's safe now
Young love's been forbidden
For five-fold kisses, my only love had to die...
Your crops are all flourishing, so what's the catch?
I know what you are, the new evil unhatched...
As sure as the dawn, they will hear what I know,
And recognize you, and you'll be cleansed too...
For the good, trusting people in town,
In their fear-stricken hearts,
Seeing skyclad's a sign like the Deathaura,
Every night, so painful's the memory of love in the dark.
One wheel of the year ends their short lives in fear

I hear her in the wind, the bane of our town.
Come with me, oh, father the heathen is exposed.
In the age of burning times, you saved my life
...The blaze grew ever higher.
I was your Cunning Man... hiding in the light,
Now your land shall go sour...

Your own fears will destroy everything
Envy consumes all, and "thou shall not...
Though it hurts, I must tell you
I am truly the One
...Behind it all...
In the hands of time we all will die
The dead of night will devour your child...
The creation o' beliefs that you've been fed
The fear, the unknown, the poison loved by death.
In the cool of the night air
Flames purify minds, where
Almost anyone could be the next...
Unless morning finds all of them somehow hexed.
(...Together, Today, For All Eternity)

I remember how you told me,
Your kin's different, on that sunny day?
You made me smile,
'Cause I was just about to say the same thing...
So deeply entwined, love of a lifetime...

But they paid someone to say their torment has a name
And after all these years we get to be together for all eternity...