1: Obi Ill Terrors]

God know I'm from AU, fuckers can't handle the top speed
Burnin like a candle on oxy, manner a proxy, slop tops
Never told her the cost, but still ride like the world at a loss

Lotta you dressed up, I'm chompa throat like lecter
Heavy stetted man I'm tech truck, bitch it a danger
Burning triple one on the manger, Alpha all the way to Omega

But follow the accent, still gonna cradle the culture
Fuckers gonna follow it over, sloppy imposer suck dick
Never told her to stop, but take shots till the banner on top

So I sit on my conscious, fucked up rhetoric nonsense
Literally dribble on pussy in context
Got a mini with a kitty suck a dick like a vortex
Nessle with the pitty got a building on bomb, cause I

Ain't gonna leave it till I'm gone... Innovators, Innovators, Innovators
Still never step me like I'm wrong... Innovators, Innovators, Innovators
Bitch wet her panties to my song... Innovators, Innovators, Innovators
Still never step me like I'm wrong... Innovators, Innovators, Innovators

Step through, looking like a primate
Smoke too, stepping out the driveway
New shoes, caught it with the wine stain
3-6-5 till I die on a fine day

You want everything I got now
Everything I work for, hurt for
Pull up the shirt for, the real lord
Stuck with the feels raw
The trip ones stuck in a field force, for real cause

When I'm not play'n the game, I plan to switch the lane
Everybody hit the floor when I run around
For it's the one with flame put out during the rain
Triple check in a sec, when we come down

Soon as the rats will rise, who else will run a muck
Want her suckin on a nut, with the sheets up
Pour up the cups, stay heavy like a tonka truck
We gone as fuck, never runna mouth, keep shut

How can i find
Answers to so much in such a small area...
So many times
Over and over three ones and not variant...
They can't deny
I got a hook that could flip ya and bury ya...
Pull up the blind
We are the sons train a beat like a terrier...

3: Phantom]

I'm Low down
How could you come and not Know now
I've been up all on my own now
Innovating to the road now, storm cloud
Don't doubt
Ones that I know to go all out
Four in the tray with a cord now
I ain't gon change for it all

Ain't gonna leave it till I'm gone... Innovators, Innovators, Innovators
Still never step me like I'm wrong... Innovators, Innovators, Innovators
Bitch wet her panties to my song... Innovators, Innovators, Innovators
Still never step me like I'm wrong... Innovators, Innovators, Innovators