Yeah, yeah
(I guess your momma never told you
What comes around comes back around)

I should've left it at, how ya doing
I should've left it at I like your music too, and
I should've never called you back when you pursued me
I should've never given you my fucking two way
I should've never listened to your woeful stories
The ones I'm sure you told a thousand times before me
You should've never intimated we were lovers
When you know very well we never even touched each other

Who's gonna love you when it all falls down, and
Who's gonna love you when your bankroll runs out?
Who's gonna care when the novelty's over?
When the star of the show isn't you anymore?
Nobody cares when the tears of a clown fall down
Nobody cares when the tears of a clown fall down

I gotta break it to ya delicately, dunny
Taking my G5 twenty minutes wasn't nothing
But I guess you wouldn't know that's the way I roll
Consequently now your ego's fully overblown
You don't want the world to know that you're just a puppet show
And the little boy inside often sits at home alone
And cries, cries, cries, cries (Boo hoo. Who?)

Who's gonna love you when it all falls down, and
Who's gonna love you when your bankroll runs out?
(When your bankroll runs out)
Who's gonna care when the novelty's over?
When the star of the show isn't you anymore
Nobody

Your pain is so deep rooted
What will your life become?
Sure hide it but you're lost and lonesome
Still just a frail shook one

(Tell me who's gonna love you?)
Who's gonna love you when it all falls down, and
(I'd like to know)
Who's gonna love you when your bankroll runs out?
(If you didn't have nothing)
Who's gonna care when the novelty's over? (Who, who'd still be there)
When the star of the show isn't you anymore (Nobody, nobody, nobody!)
Nobody cares when the tears of a clown fall down
(There ain't nobody baby)
(Bullies in the schoolyard)
Nobody cares when the tears of a clown fall down
(When they fall they fall hard)
(Yeah, so you better think twice, better play nice)

Who's gonna love you when it all falls down and
('Cause who's gonna be there when the jokes on you)
Who's gonna love you when your bankroll runs out? (A marionette show)
Who's gonna care when the novelty's over?
(Who's makin' you move though)
When the star of the show isn't you anymore
(I know what kills you slow)
Nobody cares when the tears of a clown fall down
(I'm gonna keep your little secret though)
(And you know that I know)
Nobody cares when the tears of a clown fall down (You're no superhero)
(I guess your mamma never told you
that what goes around comes around. Pow)