Just somethin' about you
Way I'm lookin at you, whatever
Keep lookin at me
Gettin' scared now, right?
Don't fear me baby, it's just Justin
It feel good, right?

Listen, I kind of noticed something wasn't right, in your colorful face
It's kind of weird to me, since you're so fine, If it's up to me, your face'll change
If you smile, then that should set the tone, Just be limber
And If you let go, the music should groove your bones
Just remember, Sing this song with me

Ain't nobody love you, like I love you
You're a good girl and that's what makes me trust ya, Hey!
Late at night, I talk to you
You will know the difference when I touch you
Some people are so phony

Nosy cause they're lonely
Aren't you sick of the same thing? Thing, Thing
They say so and so was dating
Love you or they're hating

When it doesn't matter anyway
Cause we're here tonight
If you smile, then that should set the tone, Just be limber, Baby!
And If you let go, the music should groove your bones
Baby, Just Remember
Sing this song with me
Ain't nobody love you, like I love you

You're a good girl and that's what makes me trust ya, Hey!
Late at night, I talk to you
You will know the difference when I touch you
Yeah, you know I can make ya happy, I could change your life
If you give me that, chance to be your man, I won't let you down, baby

If you give me that, chance to be your man, Here baby, put on my jacket and then

Maybe, we'll fly the night away
I just wanna love you, Baby Girl

Yeah, Yeah, Yeah
Maybe, we'll fly the night away
I just wanna love you, Baby Girl

Ma, what you wanna do?
I'm in front of you
Grab a friend, see I can have fun with two
Or me and you put on a stage show, and the mall kids, that's how the chain glow
Point to her they say "wow, it's the same glow"

Point to me, I say "yeah, it's the same dough"
We the same type, you my air of life, yeah!
You have me sleeping in the same bed, every night
Going out with me, you deserving the best
Take a few shots, Let it burn in your chest

We could ride down, Pumping N.E.R.D. in the deck
Funny how a few words turn into sex
Play number three, joint called "brain"
I just love your brain
Ma, take a hint, Make me swerve in the lane, the name Malicious, and I burn every track, Clipse and J. Timberlake, Now how heavy is that?

Maybe, we'll fly the night away
I just wanna love you, Baby Girl
Yeah, Yeah, Yeah

Maybe we'll fly the night away
I just wanna love you, Baby Girl, Oh!

Ain't nobody love you, like I love you, Can't love you, like I do
You're a good girl and that's what makes me trust ya, Trust ya like I do, Hey!
Late at night, I talk to you, Hey!
You will know the difference when...

Break it down
You know, I used to dream about this when I was a little boy
I never thought it would end up this way, Drums
Hey!
It's kind of special right? Yeah
You know, you think about it
Sometimes people just destined
Destined to do, what they do
And that's what it is
Now, everybody dance