Joe... what are you doing here?
What are you doing here? What are you doing here?

Bitch!
Get off on who you mad at
Niggas laughin', we is down, now they laughed at
Bitch swallow all my kids, I'm a bad dad
Lookin' for revenge with this Glock, once we tap tap
Stitch brain on the opps watch 'em quack, quack
Indian giver with his life, he can't have back
He ain't putting in work, he a half ass
Can't ride the wave, go on home with your back packed
Bitch! What type of shit is you on?
Yeah, that's your bitch but my dick, she be on
8 in a liter, when I sip it be strong
Ain't tryna chase a bag? Dumb bitch then be gone
Offense with them straps, you gon' need D
Want beef with the gang? You 'gon need cheese
John Cena with them tints, you can't see me
Fuck the law, catch a case, nigga free Theeze
If I gotta think twice, I won't think at all
Bitch we won, all smoke, ain't no peace at all
Treat the ops like a blunt, I'll chief 'em all
Before you play in that field, nigga kick balls
B-b-b-bitch
Yeah, and we is not playin'
You know DaBoii, he a beast you can not tame him
Take a chain on this neck, you are not able
Whole gang full of demons, we are not angels
House visit with the chop, that's who rock cradle
All the eyes on us, but we not cable
Stand tall through it all, but we not tables
Niggas wanna play? Game on 'cause we not playful

B-b-b-bitch
Who the fuck gon' stop me?
All this ice on, who the fuck gon' rob me?
All these shooters with me, who the fuck gon' try me?
High of the kush, in the clouds you can find me
I don't fuck with niggas like a Nazi
Nobody else, then I know God got me
Hi-Tech turn a nigga to a zombie
And I don't want the puss, lil baby just top me (give me head)
I'll set it off in this bitch
Feel like Rick Ross, I'm the boss in this bitch
Smack for a band, don't get bought in this bitch
Make you bulletproof the whip,
like Young Dolph in that bitch (boom, boom)
Touch a hundred bands, yeah I did that
Hit the lot, couple bands, yeah I did that
This street shit? Naw nigga, you don't live that
Aid or a kick back, real nigga been that (lil' nigga)
LV and Gucci, had to mismatch
And for the right price, you can get your bitch back
Tired of them broke niggas? I can fix that
Just bought a Glock hit the plug, where them sticks at?
Get to bustin' have you niggas runnin', zig-zags (boom, boom)
Hit the road, get the bag, then I flip that
All the time my brother got, he can't get back
But I got bands for him tucked when he get back
All these styles a nigga got, I'll switch it up
When you jump in these streets, ain't no givin' up
Big .40, I'll make a nigga give it up
And nigga reach for the chain, I'ma hit 'em up
Crazy when you see your day ones switchin' up
Crazy when you see the opp niggas clickin' up
Fuckin' on a ho bitch? You niggas sick as fuck
And if it ain't about a bag, I ain't pickin' up

First off, suck a nigga dick
Pole for an opp coming, suck a nigga clip
Clip so long, that it's poking off my hip
If I wasn't taken, I'd take a nigga bitch
Am I really insane? (Yeah bitch it's true)
Six figures to my name? (Yeah bitch it's true)
Heard I don't fuck with you? (Yeah bitch it's true)
Fuck what you thought, fuck what you knew
I'm a gold diggin' nigga, need a check out a bitch
I'll pass her to the gang, they get neck out the bitch
You was textin' like you with it, what you scared for?
Let me hit it from the back, break the headboard
If not, I don't give a fuck
I got diamonds in my mouth, when I talk bitches lust
Fuck it up sus, nigga gettin' at me wrong, I'll fuck 'em up sus
Chop with a drum, cook fuckin' up my lungs
Cops looking for the Glock, 'cause they think a nigga dumb
You will never see me posin' with another nigga funds
You will never see me clutchin' on another nigga gun
Bitch I'm a soldier, I don't got no limit
I'm a foreign car driver, I don't ride no Civic
I'm a wild ass nigga and I don't act civil
I don't smoke no kush, I don't smoke no skittles
Addicted to them racks, I'm a motherfuckin' thief
All these bands still hangin' out my motherfuckin' jeans
Give a nigga all head 'til its barely dome
I been running at that bag 'til it's barely gone
Let a nigga hit like I'm Barry Bonds
And I don't fuck with niggas, I'm a Uncle Tom
Four-five on my hip but I'll tote a nine
And if you ever take my bitch she was barely mine

RBE SOB that's the gang bitch