Represent, represent!
Represent, represent!
Represent, represent!
Represent, represent!

Straight up shit is real and any day could be your last in the jungle
Get murdered on the humble, guns'll blast, niggaz tumble
The corners is the hot spot, full of mad criminals
Who don't care, guzzlin' beers, we all stare
At the out-of-towners they better break north
Before we get the four pounders, and take their face off
The streets is filled with undercovers, homicide chasin' brothers
The DA's on the roof, tryin' to, watch us and knock us

And killer coppers, even come through in helicopters
I drink a little vodka, spark a L and hold a glock for
The fronters, wannabe ill niggaz and spot runners
Thinkin' it can't happen 'til i, trap em and clap them
And leave em done, won't even run about gods
I don't believe in none of that shit, your facts are backwards
Nas is a rebel of the street corner
Pullin' a tec out the dresser, police got me under pressure

Represent, represent!
Represent, represent!
Represent, represent!
Represent, represent!

Yo, they call me Nas, I'm not your legal type of fella
Moet drinkin', Marijuana smokin' street dweller
Who's always on the corner, rollin' up blessed
When I dress, it's never nuttin' less than Guess
Cold be walkin' with a bop and my hat turned back
Love committin' sins and my friends sell crack
This nigga raps with a razor, keep it under my tongue
The school drop-out, never liked the shit from day one

'Cause life ain't shit but stress fake niggaz and crab stunts
So I guzzle my Hennessy while pullin' on mad blunts
The brutalizer, crew de-sizer, accelerator
The type of nigga who be pissin' in your elevator
Somehow the rap game reminds me of the crack game
Used to sport Bally's and Gazelle's with black frames
Now I'm into fat chains, sex and tecs
Fly new chicks and new kicks, Heine's and Beck's

Represent, represent!
Represent, represent!
Represent, represent!

No doubt, see my, stacks are fat, this is what it's about
Before the BDP conflict with MC Shan
Around the time when Shante dissed the real Roxane
I used to wake up every mornin', see my crew on the block
Every day's a different plan that had us runnin' from cops
If it wasn't hangin' out in front of cocaine spots
We was at the candy factory, breakin' the locks
Nowadays, I need the green in a flash just like the next man
Fuck a yard god, let me see a hundred grand

Could use a gun son, but fuck bein' the wanted man
But if I hit rock bottom then I'm a be the son of Sam
Then call the crew to get live too
With swoop, Hakim, my brother jungle, big Bo, cooks up the blow
Mike'll chop it, mayo, you count the profit
My shit is on the streets, this way the Jakes'll never stop it
It's your brain on drugs, to all fly bitches and thugs
Nuff respect to the projects, I'm ghost, one love

Represent y? all, represent!
Represent y? all, represent!
Represent y? all, represent!
Represent y? all, represent!

One time for your motherfuckin' mind
This goes out to everybody in New York
That's livin the real fuckin' life
And every projects, all over
To my man, Big Will he's still here
The 40 side of Vernon
My man Big L.E.S.
Big Cee-Lo from the Don
Shawn Penn, the 40 Busters
My crew the shorty busters
The 41st side of Vernon posse
The Goodfellas

My man Cormega, Lakid Kid
Can't forget Drawers, the Hillbillies
My man Slate, Wallethead
Black Jay, Big Oogi
Crazy Barrio spot (Big Dove)
We rock shit a lot, Ph.D
And my man Primo, from GangStarr
(Ninety-four real shit y'all, Harry O!)
Fuck y'all crab ass niggaz though
(Yeah, bitch ass niggas!)
(Bitch ass niggas)
Bitch ass motherfucker
I'm from Queen's bridge motherfucker