You can find it at the "betweenmylegs" shop, catchin' the chance.
You can seek it at my home every night.

You can have it always, just need to ask it, baby you know...
You can lick it even while I drive!

Guess what it is... it's a lollipop flavoured horse steak!

Taste it honey, once or twice, than you won't go back
Because that's a new flavour, yeah, and that is the fact.

What can I do, to explain to you? Tell me Baby what can I do?
You want it
You move it
You touch it
You seek it... yeah, once again...
You want it
You lick it
You touch it
You seek it... uhm...
Taste it!

Guess what it is... it's a lollipop flavoured horse steak!
Guess what it is... it's a lollipop made of meat!

Furia cavallo del west! Che beve solo caffè!

If you really wanna know what it is
Come and ask me gently "please",
I'll try to make you "under-stand"...
That's not a candy, but it's sweet
Love is what is made with
And I use it as a selfie stick...

Guess what it is... it's a lollipop flavoured horse steak!
Guess what it is.

It's a lollipop made to make happy everybody!
No kind of differences, if you're a boy or a girl!
Lollipop... try... to burn inside my
hand, in my mouth, in another part of me...
... the dark side of me!

"Salut come stai?
Spero che tutto e perfettamente!
Mi presento! Il mio nome Olena sono un trentacinque anni di eta
Misteriosa donna da Ungheria.
Io sono il tipo persona simpatica trovare il sincero
Persona gentile e onesto che mi e mi amera.
In modo mio lo ha il mio cuore, mi apre l'anima e io tutta darmi!
Faro tutto quello che dipende da me per lui perché
voglio che il mio amato e la persona più felice sulla terra.
Il suo status sociale
Lo spessore di una borsa
Una nazionalita non e importante per me.
Io non sono bambina
Io non voglio giocare sono serio per trovare il mio uomo adorabile!
Se siete interessati a me
Si prega di scrivere a e-mail a mia... Olena!"

Guess what it is... it's a lollipop flavoured horse steak!
Guess what it is...

It's a lollipop made to make happy everybody
No kind of differences, if you're a boy or a girl!
Lollipop... try... to burn inside my hand, in my mouth, You know!

It's a lollipop made to make happy everybody!
No kind of differences, if you're a boy or a girl!
Lollipop... try... to burn inside my
hand, in my mouth, in another part of me...

Che furia Olena dall'Est!