Uh, what?
What? What? What?
I'm a large pink cunt
Know what I'm sayin'?
Yeah, yeah, yeah

They wanna see a man do the god shit
Narcotics if you wanna get nauseous
Pink Guy dancin' like a clown
Keep laughin' lil cunt, I got money on the down low
Y'all think this about my feelings?
They still think this about my feelings?
Like Big Bird or a Steve from the Blues Clues
When the sun go down, she goes down too
Riding around with a bump in a pound too
If you wanna leave a voice mail hit the pound two

I got money out the orifice
I buy your girl Louie bag, shit's glorious

(oh)

I'm not a hero nor a role model
I'ma spray your moms and your girl, no nozzle
Drinkin' red wine out of gatorade bottles
If you can't keep up then pull off to the bottom kid

Uh, they say i'm a elitist, like i'm better than the bunch
Like duh, nice hunch cunt

When the sun go down i'm a fiend
When the sun go down i'm a monster
When the sun go down i'm sippin' lean
When the sun go down I hope it never come up

Young boy with the trash talk
Run yo little mouth find you sittin on asphalt

I know you tryna be me, I don't have a doubt
I can't answer at the moment, I got pussy in my mouth
My mouth, pussy in my face
Depending on the nationality I get a different taste!
Ya'll really think i'm out here having hard times?
I got 17 jobs this one's part time. (Seven Eleven!)

Suck a dick and a ball sack
Poppin' more pills than the moms in a cul de sac
Fuck her good on the couch while your dads gone
Poke holes in her face, jack'o lantern
She likes how the leather feels

She really like that I rejected several record deals
She said "why?"
I said "the money wasn't good enough"
She said "oh wow, you really know your stuff"
Yeah I do bitch

I don't need a fucking marketing team trying to blow my shit
I'm not a fuckin' vlog cunt with a lot of chicks
Tryna buy an autobiography about my dick
Woops, fuck that!
I work hard for my shit, ya'll boys are just fucking wack

I'm the only one that cares about the process!
I'm the only one who fuckin' with the progress!
I'm the only one that made it with no middle man!

(I don't care about this song anymore)

How ya like that? How, how ya like that?
I got money on my back, I don't need your fuckin' cash
How ya like that? How, how ya like that?
I got money on my back, I don't need your fuckin' cash
It's yo favorite pink cunt!
How ya like that? How, how ya like that?
I got money on my back, I don't need your fuckin' cash
How ya like that? How, how ya like that?
I got money on my back, I don't need your fuckin' cash