Got me, got me Rollie
Ya can't even afford it though
Got me, got me, ultra
Gotti gotti, uh
Gotti gotti

Came up blood gang, 30 bang, Scum Gang
Big choppa, big thang, let your nuts hang
Who that? Don't say, BBA change your mood, aye
Anyday, Gotti Gotti, cookin' up, speed it up
Double cup, xanny cup, booted up, mollied up
Molly up, break it up, cop it, then I serve it up
Give it up, Gotti Gotti

Fuck with my day ones
Yeah you know I flooded the chain once
Got the money and I split it with day ones
She ain't fuck me back when I was lame, nah
Yeah you know I do my dance (do it)
Hit the club (aye), throwin' dub
Rack it up (rack it), shake it up
Watch me do it, how it bust it up (up)
I mix it hard, then I hit her with the blicky, uh
So drip it, drip it, drip it, drip it
You ain't got no money, you can keep her
Bitch, I got my Nina, I'ma squeeze her
If you really wanna meet her, she a greeter
It was really nice to meet ya, I don't need ya (I don't need her)
I pray to God that my niggas gon' eat (I pray to god)
I pray to God that my family gon' see (I pray to god)
Prayin' that the lord take a chance with me
Wouldn't come when I was up
I was on the wrong things
I ain't silly, ain't no dumb nigga, are you dumb, nigga?
Are you stayin' with the pump, nigga? Fuck is up, nigga?
Is you mad? You's a fuck nigga, I don't trust niggas
Scum Gang, chew 'em up, nigga, we don't fuck witcha

Okay, my blood gang, 30 bang, scum gang
Big choppa, big thang, let your nuts hang
Who that? Don't say, BBA change your mood, aye
Anyday, Gotti got it, cookin' up, speed it up
Double cup, Xanny cup, booted up, mollied up
Molly up, break it up, cop it, then I serve it up
Give it up, Gotti Gotti

Gotti gotti
Who, who really with the money, money?
Who, who really with the Gotti, Gotti?
Who, who really with the money, money?

Ooh, do my things, hit my things
Break these bands, hunnid bands on my thing
Mollied up, molly up, get it up
Cop it, then I serve it up
Give it up, really with the Got it, Got it

Who, who really with the Got it Got it?
Who, who really with the