But I was like this shit just... you know what I'm sayin'?
This shit real polished, you feel me, like? On God
You know what I'm sayin'?
No more to fuck up her jeans
(You hear me now? Yeah)
(Huh, hello?)

Well polished, we nail polish
We well polished, nail polish
Hold on, nigga, we well polished, nail polish
Oh, you're real stylish, they be like, "Who your stylist?"
We out here, we barred up
We everywhere, Verizon Wireless
My mama, she named me
Christopher, just like Wallace
I do it big, real big
With the gang, Junior M.A.F.I.A
Bad boy, Zero Mafia
With the gang, Zero Mafia

I had to get on the move, doin' a lot
Tick, tock, I'm catchin' my groove
God bless the cards that I drew
This gon' be a breeze, since I was nine, I had knew
Yeah, let the saints say amen
Oh who dat boy? He from the Lou', he is a animal
Keep me some ice in my hands
Yeah, I got a burr wrist, think I'm Hannibal
I hit the Nos on the nooses
My niggas squeeze arms, they're masseuses
My bitch looks kill and my big nigga with me
Look like me, King Kong and Medusa
Back and forth between continents
Playing ping pong with the climate
It's Smino Papi or Smino Populous
Metro boom the whole metropolitan
Met your bitch, she kept Keke hollerin'
All I did was say, "Hi" and shit
Like shawty, you trippin'
You tweakin', you twerkin'
I'm sendin', you packin'
You dirty, you scan
You must be Scandinavian
That pussy wet like Navy training camp
Bitch, turn this up, break the fader, amp, shaker, huh
Well, um

We well polished (We well), we nail polish (We nail)
We well polished (We well), we nail polish (We nail)
We well polished (We well), we nail polish (We nail)
Margiel' stylish (Where you at?)
We out here, we barred up
We everywhere, Verizon Wireless
My mama, she named me
Christopher, just like Wallace
I do it big, real big
With the gang, Junior M.A.F.I.A
Zero Mafia
Zero Mafia

It's crazy, I lost my phone. We made this, we made this voice memo,
I couldn't even. I couldn't even play it 'cause I lost my phone,
but... my Lyft driver brought my phone back to me.
He was a cool nigga. I gave him,
gave him some sour diesel and shit and sent him on
his way. But, yeah, man. Well polished. Nail polish