Yeah
Yeah
Mudboy!
Bitch!
Mudboy!
Bitch!
(One, two)

Where's the, where's the... gas, gas?
Roll it up, puff-puff, pass-pass
Never too many, grab bags
Too many hoes with fat ass
Hole in the back of your head like a snapback
It ain't no scheme when you tryna get the scouts back (Bitch)
Too many funny, shit like "Nigga, where the scouts at?" (Where?)
I like bad hoes (Bitch), they like me back (Yeah)
I got mad hoes (Yeah), gotta subtract (I got hoes)
Nigga ain't tried me so don't watch that (I got hoes)
'Til a nigga try me, don't watch that (No)
I ain't Dej Loaf (Try me), nigga try that (Try me)
Get toe-tagged (Bitch), get body-bagged (Try me)
Cause we gon' turn up, and leave the boy sad
'Cause in the fucking world, this shit gets so mad
But it's a grimy world, we was 'bout that ('Bout that)
If i's a grimy world, then niggas bout that
Bitch!
I mean, that's what it is, niggas
Bitch!

'Cause on 14th Street, I was wanted (Wanted)
34th street, I was wanted (Wanted)
116th, I was wanted (Yeah)
It's a grimy world (Bitch) 'cause niggas on shit (Yeah)
116th, I was wanted (Wanted)
34th street, I was wanted (Wanted)
14th street, I was wanted (Bitch)
If it's a grimy world (Bitch), then niggas 'bout shit (Uh)

Sheck Wes the hottest in the country (Uh)
Pull up on you blowin' straight funky (Funky)
Lil Jon, how I get crunky (Yeah)
She on that posion (Uh), gettin' drunk, yeah
Like I got asthma, can never leave the pump, yeah
'Cause it's a grimy world (Huh), 'cause niggas want want shit (want shit)
They'll suffocate ya, like so quick
But this shit in my nature, I grew up too quick
I used to take the train to act a ass in public (Public)
And now my fuckin' bae still act a ass in public (Yeah)
Lust boys, 30-plus, you should rush it
Run up in the spot, and go dummy (Uh)
Where we from, they don't give, so we don't got shit (Got shit)
They leave us young niggas with no options (No options)
They leave us young niggas with the robbin' (Robbin')
But I was Robin Hood (Hood), when I was robbin' (Givin')
Free my brother, AP, went down for the plottin' (Bitch!)
Free my nigga, Mike, he went down for the plottin' (Bitch)
Where we from, they don't give, so we don't got shit (Bitch)
'Cause it's a grimy world, and niggas 'bout shit ('Bout shit)

I said on 14th street, I was wanted (Wanted)
34th street, I was wanted (Wanted)
116th, I was wanted (Bitch)
If it's a grimy world (Bitch), then niggas 'bout shit (Yeah)
59th street, I was wanted (Woo!)
Lustboys, nigga, we was wanted (Uh-uh)
Lustboys stay fucking wanted (Uh)
'Cause we was young niggas (Bitch) that never had shit (Broke boys)
Gas, gas
'Cause we was young niggas that never had shit (Broke boys)
Gas, gas
(With my, with my)
Bitch!
Gas, gas
(With my, with my, with my, with my)
Bitch, bitch
Immigrants, nigga
(Broke boys)
Bitch! Bitch!