Burn it down and forget what I would try to hide so incessantly but I just can't find release
For all the pain in my heart and all the ache it causes me while I bleed out for the people who've forgotten me.
It's time to say what rests on my mind, ever since I fell to pieces, I've never felt so alive
Now I find you there staring at the edge of the sun, you try to get to safety, but you're losing light.
This is a force I know I can't fight, cause even getting knocked out couldn't make me sleep tonight

I hope you scream when you hear my name.
There's no place on this earth that you can escape.
I hope you're lost and you never find peace.
This is the weight of the world and I won't, I'll never let this crash on me
Eternal suffering awaits
You're just another soul to steal
Just because I cannot breathe, doesn't mean I can't feel
Now I find you there staring at the edge of the sun, you get to safety, but you're losing light.
So you try not to make a sound, no one's saving you now
We'll burn it to the ground
We'll fucking burn it down.
Don't leave a trace of evil left in this house
Burn it down, burn it down, fucking burn it down.
Don't leave a trace of evil left in this house.
Burn
It's the only way, burn it down and hope for peace.
If i ignite it, maybe death will finally save me the pain of being all alone, of lessons never learned, and of the constant burning pain of always chasing things I don't deserve.
Don't go looking when you know what's there.
I promise there's no way to prepare
But still I wait to fix this other part of me.
And there's no way that I can breathe without release.
Please, let me sleep
I'm still haunted in my dreams and everything I've ever come to love has left me.
Cause not a thing in this world is what it seems.
I beg you to find me
I'm haunted by the screaming in the night.
A fear that drives me to resent my name.
I put these walls to shame.
I toss and turn but there's no peace of mind.
There's no diffusing this eternal hate.
We'll burn it down in flames.
Ignite!
We'll fucking burn it down.
Don't leave a trace of evil left in this house
Burn it down, burn it down, fucking burn it down.
Don't leave a trace of evil left in this house