So that was the first big weekend of the summer...
Starts thursday as usual with the
canteen quiz and again no-one wins the big cash
prize.

Later I do my sound bloke routine by

approaching gina's new boyfriend to say that
he shouldn't feel that there's any
animosity between us and then I even go and make
peace with her shouldn't have bothered.

Then on friday night we went through to the arches...
There was only one car going so some of us
had to get the train. we got through quite

late. then we went to a pub to take the gear.
There was no problems getting in - we saw
some others waiting down the front of the
queue so we skipped in.
It was a good night - everyone was
nutted and I ended up dancing with some blonde
girl.

I thought she had been quite pretty
until last night when matthew informed me that

she had, in fact, been a pig.
When the club finished we wandered the

streets for a while until we got to this 24-hour
cafe.
I didn't like the look of it so we
left and got a taxi back to morag's flat.
I couldn't sleep so I sat about drinking
someone else's strawberry tonic wine and
tried to keep everyone else up.
Then at ten o'clock in the morning we went

downstairs to buy some drink. we had intended

to watch the football in the afternoon
but we'd passed out by then and slept right
through it, awaking to
That england had won two-nil.
Then we went to get the train home and had a few in the station bar.
We had some stuff left from the
previous night's supplies so when we got home we
decided to go down to john's indie disco.
Same story as friday - lots of hugging, lots of dancing etc. etc.
I couldn't sleep again so went to the park
to look at the toon, taking a detour through
the playpark.
To get in we had to climb over a ten foot
steel fence, which resulted in severe bruising
of our hands, legs and groins,
but we had a good laugh on the stuff, especially the
tube-slide, which pro
Doubles up as a urinal for drunk teens.
Then we walked through the woods to
have a look at the toon. big disappointment
but the mist on the lake was cool.
Sunday afternoon we go up to john's with
a lot of beer in time to watch the simpsons
- it was a really good episode about love
always ending in tragedy except, of course
for marge and homer. it
Quite moving at the end and to tell
you the truth my eyes were a bit damp.
Then we watched these young girls in
swimsuits have a water fight in the street.
We went up to the pub about ten.
It was busy for a sunday night,
lots of people we know, including my first ever girlfriend
who I still find very attractive,
quite frankly, but I didn't really speak to her
She's probably still a bitch, anyway.
Her friend gillian was there,
I had a chat with her, she was still quite pleasant.
At the same time I watched malcolm make
some terrible attempt to try and chat up
a girl we know called jo.
he made some remark about her skirt that was barely there
the previous night or somethi
R>
I couldn't sleep again that night,
thanks to some seriously disturbing nightmares...
matthew says I should cut down on the cheese.
"went out for the weekend,
it lasted for ever, high with our friends it's officially
summer."
I got some sleep eventually on monday afternoon.
It was a beautiful day,
and later that evening malcolm introduced me to the power
of merrydown - ³1.79 a litre, 8.2% - mmmm...
Judith and laura came round later
and we sat in my back garden and drank.
Then matthew came round and we went up the town.
It's officially summer.