Yo Chuck, bust a move man
I was on my way up here to the studio, ya know what I'm sayin'?
And this brother stopped me and asked me
"Yo, wassup with that brother Chuckie D? He swear he nice"
I said "Yo the brother don't swear he's nice, he knows he's nice"
Ya know what I'm sayin'?
So Chuck, I got a feelin' you turnin' him into a Public Enemy, man
Now remember that line you was kicking to me on the way out to LA Lounge in Queens
While we was in the car on our way to the Shop?
Well yo, right now kick the bass for them brothers and let 'em know
What goes on! (What goes on!)

Rolling Stones of the rap game, not braggin'
Lips bigger than Jagger, not saggin'
Spell it backwards, I'ma leave it at that
That ain't got nothin' to do with rap (What goes on!)
Check the facts, expose those cats
Who pose as heroes and take advantage of blacks
Your government's gangster, so cut the crap
A war goin' on so where y'all at? (What goes on!)

"Fight the Power" comes great responsibility
'F the Police', but who's stopping you from killlin me?
Disaster, fiascos over a loop by P.E.
If it's an I instead of we believin' TV (What goes on!)
Spittin riches, bitches, and this new thing about snitches
Watch them asses move as the masses switches
System dissed them, but barely missed her
My soul intention to save my brothers and sisters

(Hard) Get up! Just like that!
(Hard) Get up! Just like that!
(Hard) Get up! Just like that!
(Hard) Get up! Just like that!

Yeah, that's right Chuck, man
That's what you gotta do
You got to tell 'em "just like that", ya know what I'm sayin?
'Cause yo, let me tell you a lil something man
These brothers runnin' around, hard-headed
They get a lil jealous, you know what I'm sayin?
Just like that! You know, they try to bring you down wit 'em
But yo, Chuck, you got to tell 'em "just like that"

Screamin' gangsta twenty years later
Of course endorsed while consciousness faded
New generation believin' them fables
"Gangster Boogie" on two turntables (Just like that)
Show no love, so it's easy to hate it
Desecrated while the coroner waited
Any given Sunday, so where y'all rate it?
With slavery, lynchin, and them drugs infiltrating (Just like that)
I'm like that doll Chuckie, baby
Keep comin' back to live, love life, like I'm crazy
Keep it movin' Rising to the Top,
Doug Fresh, clean livin' you don't stop (Just like that)
Revolution means change, don't look at me strange
So I can't repeat what other rappers be sayin'
If you don't stand for something, you fall for anything
Harder than you think, is a beautiful thing

(Hard) Get up! Just like that!
(Hard) Get up! Just like that!
(Hard) Get up! Just like that!
(Hard) Get up! Just like that!

Yeah, that's right Chuck, man
That's what you gotta do
You got to tell 'em "just like that", ya know what I'm sayin?
'Cause yo, let me tell you a lil something man
These brothers runnin' around, hard-headed
They get a lil jealous, you know what I'm sayin?
Just like that! You know, they try to bring you down with 'em
But yo, Chuck, you got to tell 'em "just like that"

So it's time to leave you a preview
So you too can review what we do
Twenty years in this business, How You Sell Soul?
G-Whiz, people bear witness (Just like that)
Thank you for lettin' us be ourselves
So don't mind me if I repeat myself
These simple lines be good for your health
To keep them crime rhymes on the shelf (Just like that)
Live, love, life like you just don't care
Five thousand leaders never scared
"Bring the Noise," it's 'the moment they feared'
Get up! Still a beautiful idea (Just like that)

Get up! Throw yo hands in the air! (Just like that)
Get up and show no fear! (Just like that)
Get up if y'all really care! (Just like that)
P.E. twenty years, now get up! (Just like that)

Yeah, that's right, we Public Enemy #1 in New York
Public Enemy #1 in Philly, Public Enemy #1 in D.C.
Public Enemy #1 in Cleveland, Ohio (We're harder than you think)
Also we're Public Enemy #1 in St. Louis
Public Enemy #1 in New Jersey (It's a beautiful thing)
And bust it, we also Public Enemy #1 in Cincinnatti (We're harder than you think)
And Atlanta, even Public Enemy #1 in Chicago, Public Enemy #1 in Detroit (It's a beautiful thing)
Public Enemy #1 in Oakland, public Enemy #1 in Baltimore (We're harder than you think)
Public Enemy #1 in Miami, Public Enemy #1 in Indiana (Just like that)
Also Public Enemy #1 in L.A. (It's a beautiful thing, indeed)
Also Public Enemy #1 in Alabama, y'all (We're harder than you think!)
Public Enemy #1 in Tennesee, Public Enemy #1 in Mississippi (Just like that)
The Carolinas (Just like that)
(Just like that)
(Just like that)