Ohhh, listen up
Young man, is a, is a, young man
He writes stories
He's a writer, little writer boy
He falls in love with the girl, girl already has a boyfriend
She kinda loves him back, but not really
They're just really good friends
And that's fine, he understands, It's rational

Hi, what's your name?
How are you?
How's your life?
Oh, you got a man?
Are you in love? If so, what type?
Is it just platonic, strictly just as friends?
Or the type that ties you two together, 'til tomorrow's end?
If it is, disregard everytime I call you pretty, though
It's meant sincerely, it's just my imagination drifting
Brush me off, like the dirt on Jay-Z's shoulders
So I fall to the ground, collect myself
And get ready to take over your heart
Or at least your spare time

And I love the thought of being with you
Or maybe it's the thought of not being so alone
Hey, the second one's way sadder than the first one, but
I don't know

I love the thought of being with you (wooh!)
Or maybe it's the thought of not being so alone
The second one's way sadder than the first one, but
I don't know

We should go and get a freakin' cup of coffee
And I'll act friendly
And I won't pull any stunts
But I'm a little stunt puller from birth
So I don't know what to tell you if I try to confess my love for
Scones!

I just want to say somethin' real quick, please shh-sh, listen
I love, these scones
Just the diversity between the selection they have here
The blueberry, the rasberry, the strawberry, pumpkin
Which is basically a freakin' squash
How do you make a scone out of a freakin' squash?
Ohh where, oh where, oh that shit blows my mind
That's Elon Musk just in his lil' lab cookin' up, baby
But what were you talking about?
Oh yeah, your boyfriend made you mad the other day?
What was he saying? Oh, what do I think?
Hmm, he was being mean at that part-point?
But I'm sure he's gonna turn around at some point as well, and

I love the thought of being with you
Or maybe it's the thought of not being so alone
The second one's way sadder than the first one, but
I don't know

I love the thought of being with you
(Woohh!)
Or maybe it's the thought of not being so alone, shit
Uhh, I love being aha
I love being loved, but don't like, crying on the phone

Hi, what's up?
Yeah, what's going on?
Oh yeah, she told me a lot about you
Yeah, uh huh
It's so great you're doing all of those things
You should keep doing all of them, I think

Oh yeah, my name is Hobo Johnson
People like to say I'm a rapper
I'm actually not
I produced this myself
I'm hella fuckin' proud, of it

But, yeah, she was so nice
She was so nice and cared about me
No one else did, literally
I don't think I've ever felt love before that
She's a peach, scone
She's a peach scone
Yes
And

I love the thought of being with her
I just really hope that she doesn't get hurt, ya know?
They say it takes two years to come back
Down to Earth from that
Lovely place that you've been, I heard it's so nice
Good for you guys, I'm glad
(Being so alone!)
And if you find someone who loves you for who you are
Keep lovin' 'em, man
'Cause that shit happens like once in a lifetime, ya know
And who am I to get in the way of someone
Living their lifetime
Ya know, and hope you're doing really well
Haven't talked to you in a while
But uh, I found someone else who really loves me for who I am
But I don't call them enough, and that's why they moved away
I'm gonna call 'em right now
She wants me to call her
Okay, bye