Now this one dedicated to the man them call MacGuyver
And all 007 James Bond spy man inside the area
Maximum amount of respect to the man them call Ice Cube
And he bust no deuce deuce, no trey 8, but 4 4 wicked!

1, 2, 3, and I come with the wicked style, when you know that I'm from the wicked, crew, act like you knew.
Cause I got everybody jumpin' to the voodoo
You kickin' wicked rhymes, picket signs, while me and my mob got a truck load of 9's
Drop them I'll slay ya, bang, bang, birthday dough for the A-hoe
Ready to Buck! Buck! Buck! But it's a must to Duck! Duck! Duck!
Before I bust!
You lookin' for the one that did it.
But like En Vouge, no your never gonna get it.
Cause I'm the one with the tight mad skills
And I won't choke like the Buffalo Bills, Sittin' at the pad just chillin'
Larry Parker just got 2 million, Oh what a fuckin' feelin'
So that nigga done past me the peel, and I slam dunk it like Shaquille O'Neal
Wicked, Wreckin'
Baby, I'll rock that test tube baby, take it. . .

You know them wicked, Ice Cube and Torture Chamber sound
Yes them wicked, him pick up the mic and bust up the ground
Yes them wicked, all of them gyal with the sound
My name is Don Jaguar and Ice Cube we run the town.

Don't say nothin' just listen
Got me a plan to break Tyson out of prison
You come my way you get served
Still got a deuce then I bunny hop the curb
Nappy head, nappy chest, nappy chin, never seen with a happy grin
Gotta phat frown cause I'm down, so take a look around
All you see is big black boots, step in, use my steel toe as a weapon
And it's awfully quiet, you want to label this nigga tape with a sticker
But that's nicety, cause I got a Body Count like Ice-T
From here to New York I get 'em skins, and I ain't talkin' about pork
Your sly, you pig, dig
Listen from the flow from a soul fro'ed caucasion
Your picket signs, you know all
This funky ass wisdom picket
But your talkin'. . .

You know them wicked, Ice Cube and Torture Chamber sound
Yes them wicked, him pick up the mic and bust up the ground
Yes them wicked, all of them gyal with the sound
My name is Don Jaguar and Ice Cube we run the town.

People wanna know how come I get a gat
And I'm sittin' at the window like Malcolm
Ready to bring that noise and kinda trigger happy like the Ghetto Boys
April 29th was power to the people, ya'll might just see a seekwill
'Cause police got equal, hey, A chazzer's a pig that don't fly straight
I'm doin' Daryl Gates but it's Willie Williams, I'm down with the pilgrims
I'm just a super slave
So we'll have to break his ass up like Super Dave. . .

I'm wicked enough to pull this
'Cause now it's on to the fullest
Gorilla straight from the mist
But I don't miss when it comes to this
Bring the yellow tape
The white cape, 'cause I'm so straight
Thru with the picket signs, take his job and stick it
Bigot, 'cause I get wicked.