You know I love you.
Some nights.
Tell me what you want
I'm on my own, I can do more
Alone, I'm not worried about it
Alone, let's go
And I cannot even pretend to feel your love
When I'm dyin' just to see you in my bed
And I spoke to you, but I'm not even aware
There was a feelin', and that feelin' wasn't right
And I cannot even pretend to feel your love
When I'm dyin' just to see you in my bed
And I spoke to you, but I'm not even aware
There was a feelin' and that feelin' wasn't right
Would you say feelin's are forever in a flash?
If we were honest with each other for a second
When I cannot even remember what I said
Can you really count on me to be forever?
And have you ever tried to cut me like a knife?
Can you see how my heart is at an intersection?
If you're a path, then it's the one I want to take
It's not the distance that keeps both of us away
Have you ever really said you've had enough?
A conversation that'll lead me back to you
Tell me, have you ever missed bein' on top?
I can't remember when it ever really...
I don't remember spendin' nights bein' alone
I cast a sigil that was charged in midnight hours
I haven't thought about the way I felt the knife
Can't say I really ever ripped into your eyes
Can't say enough about the way I feel your heartbeat racin' out
So, why don't you tell me that you're down?
Come on, why don't you tell me I'm the one?
Why do you pretend you're not in love?
Can't say enough about the way I feel my heart's in
the background, so why don't you tell me that you're down?
(That you're down)
I told you that I'd come to you
I'll take shots and I'll make promises
To put that knife right through you
And you say you had enough
And you really have that Lex Luger
And I'm really out in Denver, me and Chris (GothBoiClique)
And you told me that you'd stay (that you'd stay)
Don't keep pushin' me away
And I really know it's Denver and I want you, baby
Until this time my tongue was tied
I never knew the words to say
That I know that it's forever and I really want you, baby
Come on

And I cannot even pretend to feel your love
When I'm dyin' just to see you in my bed
And I spoke to you but I'm not even aware
There was a feelin' and that feelin' wasn't right
Would you say feelin's are forever in a flash?
If we were honest with each other for a second
When I cannot even remember what I said
Can you really count on me to be forever?