You boo boooo, you T'd, you turnt down, you thirstyyy, you boo boooo! unh

I'm tryna learn somethin new.
I'm tryna find myself, I'm searchin deep for Kendrick Lamar
I read about Napoleon Hill and try to know God
They say he the key to my blessings...
And if I speak the good into existance, that instant my dreams will unlock
Money flow like water, I'll just wait at the dock.
And by the way I'm a start
Findin more light to shed
Like a small garage in yo backyard.
I'm back chillin with a friend of mine.
She mighty fine but I notice that her heart resides next to bitterness.
Always hollerin who she don't like, and who she kick it with
Who she wanna fight, who wearin a weave, who Dooney&Bourke bag is fake, who holdin the keys to the car she drove last year
Or who fuckin on who, and who need a pap smear.
Gettin on my nerves, but before yo negative energy curve, bitch I'm a cut you off.
Cause everytime you come around

You be hollerin that whoop de whoooop, blah ze blaaaah, he say she say, oh my God
Shut the fuck up!
... hoe.
Everytime you come around
You be hollerin that whoop de whooop, blah ze blaaaah, he say/she say...
Unh
I'm tryna learn somethin new.

I'm tryna surround myself with people that inspire me.
Or at least inquire similar desires
To do what it T-A-K-E just to reach the T-O-P.
I'm talkin ideas, motivation
It's more than making, enemies, my nigga.
Oh that's not your memo?
Then tell me why you constantly stressin on how you well connected like centipedes, my nigga
I function with you and you flaunt your pistol
Every second tell me how you pressed em at the Monte Crystal.
Where so&so from, and what neighborhoods beefin
Who baby momma's a rat, and who got killed last weekend.
That shit is mad depressin, bringin me down.
Speak on somethin with some substance that can get us both paid rather than tellin me how these niggas jockin yo style
Or his rims ain't bigga.
Pussy nigga
I'm a cut you off.
Cause everytime you come around
You be hollerin that whoop de whoooop, blah ze blaaaah, he say/she say, oh my God
Shut the fuck up!

... scary ass!
Everytime you come around
You be hollerin that whoop de whoooop, blah ze blaaah, he say/she say...
I'm tryna learn somethin new.
I'm tryna better my chances of becoming a star.
I'm tryna feel the vibe of Mona Lisa, studying art.
Now paint that picture.

Life behind bars, remember the very day I got caught?
I murdered a rapper, and you filed the police report?
See what I was taught
Family is all I need but indeed them too can run me right up a tree.
Constantly talkin shit 'bout the next relative
Wanting me to take sides, but I'd never give in.
Ever since grandma died, everyone parted ways.
Argue on holidays
Left my uncle in prison for 15 years no one paid
Him attention but moms, yeah my momma as loyal as any sister would come.
Come to my house just to yap bout your own people... dang
And if yo blood wasn't runnin through my veins I would prolly cut ya'll off... too! yep.
Cause everytime ya'll come around
Ya'll be hollerin that whoop de whoooop, blah ze blaaah, he say/she say, oh my God
Shut the fuck up!
(Keep it runnin Ali)
Everytime you come around

You be hollerin that whoop de whooop, blah ze blaaah, he say/she say...
So tell em, "shut the fuck up! "
Tell em, "shut the fuck up! "
Yeah bitch you boo boooo, you T'd, you turnt dowwwnnn, you thirstyyy.
Tell em, "shut the fuck up."
Tell em, "shut the fuck up! "
Yeah nigga you boo booo, you T'd, you turnt dowwwnnn, you thirstyyyy.
You thirstyyyyy, you boo booo, you T'd, you turnt dowwwnnn
You boo booo, you T'd, you boo boooo, you turnt dowwwnnn
You thirstyyy, you T'd, you boo boooo, you turnt downnn...
You boo boooo, you T'd, you turnt downnn
You weeeaaakk, you weeaakkk, yo bitch weeeaakkk, yo... hahahaha. you boo boooo, you T'd.
Keep all that.