In the box with the capital G, balling the beat
Status, Chris Paul and John Wall in the league
Grabbin' mics till the knuckles'll bleed, 'cause I believe
The potent and the quote will have ya geek like speed
If rationale is naturale, then we'll weave
It's all edges and peas
Settin' picks, we on a permanent steez
I'm in a world where my princess is Leia
And she feeling my Vader
And my lure grows greater and greater
Chemtrails droppin' poisonous vapors
Had to shake her like gator
Been trill, nigga, process the data
Blu-ray wave follow a beta, I'll DVR for later
Cop a [?] with a [?]
You can't define us, XYZ-Z, it's the generation
Elitists have you cheatin', virtual think pieces
See, these written words provided by science, brains defying
Thoughts heavy, baby, they're a major appliance
Leave a [?] flyest [?] through a giant
Dude's nice, he tight, screwed in with some pliers
Cool with some bias, yeah, nigga, cool with some brothers
Never know tattletales, only ya'll don't know us
Yeah, show me, generation, show us what you gon' show us
So listen, mami, [?]
Mouthpiece like [?] with a jubilant noise
Dude's rude and it's useless as coin, shoot 'em boys
Versed and rehearsed in the soothing of loins
Talk to Joey, Earl, Kendrick, and Cole, gatekeepers of flow
They are extensions of instinctual soul
It's the highest in commodity grade and you could get it today

Dis generation
Dis generation
Dis generation
Dis generation
Dis generation
Dis generation
Rules the nation

One hit and readin' pages of Poe
Telly is low, Cuddlebunny ready to go
Day of the dead, bury all the zombies instead
And it's just your aftermath, Busta cuttin' your dreads
Bruce Leein' niggas, why you niggas UFC
Smoke tree on niggas, sizzle out your USB
Surge pricing on these Ubers, I'mma get me a cab
Yo, where Jarobi at?
I'm vibing on impeccable grass
I be in NYC waiting for that law to pass
[?] been waiting for a Jet's title since last
[?] gangrene on that ass
Magic Mike on the mic, David Blane, Douglas Henning
In the church of Busta Rhymes it's my sermon you're getting horizontalspittin', I'm the exorcist of your writtens
Don't interrupt me, nigga
Sorry, that's a sin I'm forgiving
Like how we be skipping on beats like cooking crack in the kitchen
W-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-w-wait
Nah, just out the package, dry your [?]
This mad city's not a game, easy, quiet on set
Phife, student of the past, trailblazing the day
Now they knowledge'in and tryin' ta swept up in a phase
It's the highest of commodity grade and you could get it-get it-get it-get it today

Dis generation
Dis generation
Dis generation
Dis generation
Dis generation
Dis generation
Rules the nation

This is our generation, generation, ah
This our generation, generation, ah
This our generation, generation, ah