"Oh why are we so sad?
Are we feeling hurt by their evil eyes and all those empty words?
We are thirsty for payback?
What would we like to do with the town?
Wouldn't we like to make it dance (ha ha ha ha) with the animal?
Would we? Would we?
Tell us, what we would like to do.
Burn it. Burn it all..."

Burn honey, burn, let the fire eat away
I never liked the look of this town
Burn it down now
I'll run, they all know what I've done
I fetch my gear and take my leave from this mountain

I never had a chance to prove I wasn't guilty,
I always seemed to get blamed for
Every little crime, I didn't even have a name for...

Still running, still defeated in my mind
I never even tried to defend my own pride
The father ain't always like the son
They claim we've purloined, I'm not the one...

The story always goes, when the anger within
Builds up for too long...
Takes us over...
And we all are forced to obey, hey...

It was a match made in Hell,
Now the whole mountain burns
And every man gets what no man deserves

Our beloved kin never learned to fit in
Now I pay for my name, live my life in sin
How much less can I ask from you people?
This town stays in disarray
'Til the rules are the same for us all, hey...

I've ran on this mountain, with no guilt of my own
The trees and the rocks, every cave, every hole
I dropped them a line, "Beware, this mountain will
Blow in your face. My last saving grace..."

Bells toll all over town, burn, burn until it's all gone
Game over, what was a bad joke is now a reality show...

Oh, we all are forced to obey...
Oh, we all are forced to obey...

I climbed up the mountain,
And dug a grave for each day of pain,
It's in the past, this moment's so frail...
I am what you made me
With years of abuse, so burn!!!! (Burn, burn, burn)

It was a match made in Hell,
Now the whole mountain burns
And every man gets what no man deserves

Our beloved kin never learned to fit in
Now I pay for my name, live my life in sin
How much less can I ask from you people?
This town stays in disarray
'Til the rules are the same for us all

Our beloved kin never learned to fit in
Now I pay for my name, live my life in sin
How much less can I ask from you people?
I hereby declare a martial law
And you all, we all are forced to obey... hey!