Before the sand around the well turned black,
There ran a water, clear. Forgiving. Serene.
Like that of any vein or artery, it pressed along its path,
Up Earth, in wait of wither.
What should have killed the growth at birth did not.
In the rushing river soon
To mimic those who dare engage it.
A human host removes the brood
Without material merit for her three stillborn litter.
Swelling and pounding it's way out her orifice,
The surrogate vacantly stabs at her skin pod of spawn.

The rivers thin surface, like porous blue fabric,
Absorbed the occurrence.
The fetuses carried below.

In the mimic well of siren triplets,
A crude onyx hatches.
In this tale of a godless odyssey.
The foreign force reflects the three dead born
Within its waters.
The mimic well of siren triplets
Feeds the spent young
That regrow inside it.
Filling, fueling. Nursing itself
Down the throats of the clones
Like a formula, living and black.

A maternal overseer
Training them to take the image of anyone.
Three augmenting in their pit.
A triad of ominous gestating replicates.
Born together, yet apart.
The fluid embedding itself in each one of them.
Allocating powers to each uniquely.
Making one of skin, one of mind, and one of marrow.
Teething on the brick in the well,
Until growing human bodies,
Silken, ripe and captivating.

In the mimic well of siren triplets,
A crude onyx hatches.
In this tale of a godless odyssey.
The foreign force reflects the three dead born
Within its waters.
The mimic well of siren triplets
Feeds the spent young
That regrow inside it.
Filling, fueling. Nursing itself
Down the throats of the clones
Like a formula, living and black.

When a hunter (thought to be dead) returned alive,
The widow knew it came back not a man.
Slick black tar spits from
Their three young tempting apertures.
Leaping from their lustful flesh to gorge
On the victim's appearance.
Eclipsing the prey's bleeding reflection.
Black engaging red,
On the furtive stage at the river's edge.

Forever burned in the eye of A.U.M
They capture this display of the water born's
Insatiable shifting hunger.
Then project this feeding process infinitely,
From that moment,
On to all those who show a willingness to view it,
During their gaze into the drip.

The siren's feast,
In its pure and ancient state,
Carries on in timeless Kairos.
The death and rebirth of the daughters of mutation,
Echo again and again in the mimic well.
The siren's feast,
Echo again and again in the mimic well.
Echo again and again in the mimic well.