So mysterious is your world,
Concealed beyond the stars
Far away from the earth,
It flows one with time and dark as the night
Million shapes and colours
Are storming inside your mind
Creating endless dimensions
Forming universes without walls

Let go! of the stars, the stars that fell into the sea
Let go! of your thoughts and dreams,
What can you see now

You cannot save them anymore
- Wanderer of time -
It's too late now
- Creator of Dimensions -
Destroy the walls of time
Hands of the blind are holding your fate
Tides of life will take you away, will take you away

Starchild!
Visions are born from the unknown force
It dominates the way of time
The dream only ends, when the worlds come to an end
Starchild!
You cannot escape to the dark streams of the sea,
To suppress your dreams
Nothing can keep you away from the need to create
'cause your path is free...

I've hold the fire within myself
Years I've walked in the coldest winds
Through the deserts of sand and snow
The time is passing and I know;
That I'm wasting my life, destroying my dreams
I'm diving into the bottomless sea
From sorrow and pain I find my strength
The more pain I feel, the more I see
Now I'm watching my life flowing in the dark
Like streams of fear running through my heart
And it's wearing me down until I'm gone
Soon I'll join the endless whirls of stars
And I fall (something is dying, yet something is born)
deeper into the unknown voids
And I fall (when will I find my silent dawn)
into infinity like a burning star
I fall like a burning star!

The curtains of mist are fading
And the veils of star clouds are revealed
Storms of new energy
Flows in the depths of my mind
New constellations are born
In total harmony of perfection
And the dissonant unbalance was broken
As the colours fell straight from the light

I'm floating in the sea of stars,
I'm drifting away from the shore
I will be lost in the dream when the dark days come
But I will make the time run backwards and
I'll make the stars shine again
I will light up the sky to a bright crimson nights
... And they'll shine together forever
With brilliant silver colours they'll shine forever

The whirls of stars takes you now far away
Away from the cold nightmare
Let go of you thoughts and dreams
And you will feel the warmth once again
Starchild! in the Sea of Stars you fall
You fall like a burning star!
Starchild! in the Sea of Stars you fall
... But there is no end to creation