O, so it is written son
When all waters and land you see
All around came to birth
Man and beast was one
And the gods of the sky
Walked the face of the earth

Few free and innocent
Man strolled paths next to those
Of beasts seeing no signs
But stars in the sky
Knowing of day and night
Of rain and winds, hunger and fright
But not of death nor of life

While all was at ease with all
Living creatures and beast and the gods of the sky enjoyed the lavish
riches of this world, giants rose out of their caves and took to the
skies challenging the gods for the power of the universe.
Only when the great halls of Valhalla stood aflame lighting up the
worlds all around did the gods wake up from their drunken sleep, to
speed through the heavens and clash with the giants in the greatest
battle ever seen.
Heads arms and legs of both giant and god fell down upon the earth
and... The weapons... The swords of shining metal... And those who
found them and took these shining blades in hand were only men, now
man was the master of this world.

The story tells of stormy skies [sings: raging winds]
Black clouds gathered up high
And of lightning striking from a
Burning bloodred sky

The mountains crumbled to the seas
Earth shook the worlds collide
Ending the age of gods
Giving birth to our time

And man lived and learned
The secret of steel

Ore of earth - fire of sky
Forged is blade of gods

Blood and iron Blood and iron
Blood and iron Blood and iron
Blood and iron Blood and iron
Blood and iron Blood and iron

So the age to learn and to teach
for man begins, the power to know
the blood and iron discipline, and
tell the story of how man was granted
these shining blades of steel

Knowing of the past she will know
of the tomorrow and man shall reign, yes,
even conquer other worlds and she will set
sails on her starships sailing across the
black space and become the new gods of the skies.
(The skies... the skies... the skies... the skies... the skies...
the skies... the skies...)

Blood and iron.