"Okay so the first one, I do have to ask
Would you be able to pay the balance in full today?
Six hundred ninety one"
"No I can't"
"Okay, no problem.
So what we can do is break that up into three monthly payments."

Beautiful people only live in downtown
And midtown and around where I stay
Is it their brain that really matters?
Or their character that flatters?
Or dependant on their beautiful face?

But if you're beautiful from birth, do you really have the courage
Of a woman picked on for her girth?
Ever since she was a kid, and you know how kids work
Up until she was a full-grown adult

Now I'm not saying that it's real smooth sailing
But guys, being nice doesn't hurt
And I'm not saying that they're perfect
I'm just saying that they're different
And the difference is they love to wear skirts

Sex in the city
Probably feels really really nice
With hands placed on faces and twinkles in their eyes
Sex in the city
Probably looks really really great with
A girl that's like a ten and a guy that's 'bout an eight

Sex in the city
Sounds like it takes place on stage
Both moaning in key while Marvin Gaye sings
Sex in the city
Candles smell like great jobs and promising careers
My candles smell like fear my roommates may hear

I have, really bad bacne
It looks like the gosh-dang night sky
And I promise I'm gonna get it taken care of
So I'm not a baby maker looker, but maybe I am
To a woman that really loves me for
Who I am

Or maybe who I'm not
Either way it's getting bothered and hot, gross!
Hey missus, will you take me to a world where
Nothing else exists except the contents of our soul
And there we'll talk
Y'know, or Instagram DM works too

What up?
If I look like Brad Pitt mixed with bit of Jake Gyllenhaal
And a bowl of David Hasselhoff I wouldn't be here at all
I'd be in Los Angeles
Or at your mom's house eating all the sandwiches

Sex in the city
Probably feels really really nice
With hands placed on faces and twinkles in their eyes
Sex in the city
Probably looks really really great
With a girl that's like a ten and a guy that's 'bout an eight

Sex in the city
Sounds like it takes place on stage
Both moaning in key while Marvin Gaye sings
Sex in the city
Candles smell like great jobs and promising careers
My candles smell like fear my roommates may hear, and socks

And whatever freshening spray I used thirty minutes beforehand
Where I quickly run through my room trying to clean it
Y'know? Right- uh? Right- uh? I'm right uh?