This city's sleeping like a soldier
trapped inside of an iron lung.
Machines can keep you breathing
but what happens when you find a new war's begun?
Flip a switch and turn it off, you won't be able to breathe.
So either way you're a casualty.

I've got this burning like my veins are filled
with nothing but gasoline.
And with a spark,
it's gonna be the biggest fire they've ever seen.
Cut me down or let me run,
either way it's all gonna burn...
The only way that they'll ever learn

We've got to turn it off,

Flip a switch.

Light up the night!

There is a city that this darkness can't hide.
There are the embers of a fire that's gone out,
But I can still feel the heat on my skin
This mess we're in, well you and I,
maybe you and I,
We can still make it right.

Maybe we can bring back the light.

At the heart of the city there is a
building that looks down over all there is.
And the man in the tower controls
it all without raising a single fist.
It's like they gathered up the
city, they sold it to the devil, and now
It's gone to hell and they wonder how.

Well, a friend once told me:
Men, they would follow any man who would turn the wheels.
Now the wheels are spinning out of
control; what would they do if we held them still?
If you destroy the working parts, what you'll get is a broken machine.
A beacon of light from a burning screen.

Light it up.
Light up the night.

There is a city that this darkness can't hide.
There are the embers of a fire that's gone out,
But I can still feel the heat on my skin.
This mess we're in, well you and I,
maybe you and I,
We can light up the night.

There is a city that this darkness can't hide.
There are the embers of a fire that's gone out,
But I can still feel the heat on my skin.
This mess we're in, well you and I,
maybe you and I,
We can light up the night.

There is a city that this darkness can't hide
There is a fire that will burn through the
streets of the city, and we will stand in the light.
We will stand in the light,
you and I.
You and I.
We can bring back the light.