Push
C'mon shorty stay push, c'mon
C'mon, c'mon push it's almost there
One more time, c'mon
baby cries
C'mon push baby, one more time
baby cries
Harder harder, push harder
Push, push, c'mon
One more time, here it goes!
I see the head!
Yeah c'mon!
Yeah! yeahhhh!
You did it baby, yeah!
curtis mayfield's super fly plays over this

sugarhill gang's rappers delight fades in

... the hibby, the hibby dibby hip hop and ya don't stop!

Rock it out baby bubba, to the boogedy bang bang
The boogey to the boogedy beat
Now what you hear is not a test, I'm rappin, to the beat
voice comes in over

God damnit, what the fuck are you doin?
You can't control that God damn boy? (what?)
I just saw ms. jersey, he told me he caught the
Motherfuckin boy and chopped him
(get your black ass off!)
You can't control the god, I don't know
What the fuck to do with that boy
(what the fuck do you, whatta you do?)
If if you can't fuckin control him
(all you fuckin do is bitch at me)
Bitch, what I say, i'ma send his motherfuckin ass
To a group home goddamnit, what?
I'll smack the shit outta you bitch
(take your black ass, the fuck outta here)
Motherfucker, you are fuckin up
(comin in here, smellin like pile of shit, dumb motherfucker)
sugarhill fades out, audio two fades in

Gizmo's cuttin, up for the

Suckers that's, down with me!
What nigga you wanna rob them motherfuckin trains you crazy?

B.i.g.: yes, yes, motherfucker, motherfuckin right, nigga yes
Nigga what the fuck nigga? we gonna get...
B.i.g.: nigga it's eighty-seven nigga, is you dead broke?
Yeah nigga but, but...
B.i.g.: motherfucker is you broke motherfucker?
We need to get some motherfuckin paper nigga
Yeah but nigga it's a train ain't nobody robbed no motherfuckin train
B.i.g.: just listen man, your mother givin you money nigga?
My moms don't give me shit nigga, it's time to get paid nigga
Is you wit me? gun clicks motherfuck is you wit me?
Yeah I'm wit you nigga c'mon
B.i.g.: alright then nigga lets make it happen then
All you motherfuckers get on the fuckin floor! blam blam
Get on the motherfuckin floor!
B.i.g.: chill, give me all your motherfuckin money
And don't move nigga!
B.i.g.: give me all your motherfuckin money, I want the jewelry
Give me every fuckin thing
Nigga I'd shut the fuck up or i'ma blow your motherfuckin brains out!
Nigga, give me your jewerly, give me your wallet
B.i.g.: fuck you bitch, get up off that shit
What the fuck you holdin on to that shit for bitch?
audio two fades out, snoop dogg fades in

Open c-74, smalls

Mr. smalls, let me walk you to the door
So how does it feel leavin us?
B.i.g.: c'mon man, what kind of fuckin question is that man?
Tryin to get the fuck up out this joint dog
Yeah, yeah, you'll be back
You niggaz always are
B.i.g.: go head man, what the fuck is you hollerin about?
You won't see me up in this motherfucker no mroe
We'll see
B.i.g.: I got big plans nigga, big plans, hahahahaha