Tremens factus sum ego (I shake because of the facts)
Et timeo (and I'm scared)
Dum discussio (while I talk)
Venerit at que ventura ira (it will come to the upcoming wrath)
Et timeo (and I'm scared)
Dum discussio (while I talk)
Venerit at que ventura ira (it will come to the upcoming wrath)

Herbei, ihr Leut' - das Fest beginnt (come run up you people, the celebration starts)
Nehmt Platz auf besten Rängen (take your seats on best places)
Seht, wie der flehend Mann dort kniet (see how the begging man kneels there)
Seht den Ketzer, ich sag, er soll brennen heut' Nacht (see the heretic, tonight he shall burn I say)
Soll ihn spür'n, den Tod, er kommt langsam und lacht ((he) should feel death, it comes slowly and laughs)
Und als die Töchter des Teufels er nennt (and as he tells about Devil's daughters)
Die Sense den Faden des Lebens zertrennt (the scythe severs the thread of life)

Und als sein letzter Schrei erstirbt (and when his final scream dies)
Die Flammen ihn verschlingen (flames consume him)
Und Kindesweinen bricht die Still... (children's crying breaks the silence...)
Seht zur Asche ward er, der die Lügen erzählt (see to ashes he went who told those lies)
Im Zeichen des Kreuzes (under the sign of the cross)
Hat er seinen Tod selbst gewählt (he chose his death himself)
Doch unsere Seelen sind rein... (but our souls are pure...)

Doch unsere Seelen sind rein... (but our souls are pure...)

Schenkt aus den Wein! (pour out the wine)

Profundis Clamavi (endlessly we cry out)
And as the dark procession then has been fulfilled
For their god - a sacrifice - his blood was spilled
So Death took him to mother's chest
Where he may rest...

And the weather says, it's springtime
See the leafs of darkest green
And his screams hall in the nightly breeze
As the darkened sorrows feels

Dark are all the autumn nights
Where mind and stars unite
Knowing forbidden wisdom
And all the things he sees
Collected in a chamber
Secrets of astronomy

The rage in their eyes
Torches in their hands
And the power of the cross
Bringing fear to all the land
...And darkness will come to us all!

Profundis Clamavi! (endlessly we cry out)

And as the dark procession...

Schenkt aus den Wein! (pour out the wine)