Fan: Yo man, um, are you Jonwayne bro?
Are you Jonwayne?
Jonwayne: Yeah Fan: Oh shit man, what's up?
Look, I don't know who you are, bro, but I'm with this girl, she says she knows who you are, I think she's a big fan.
But, um, she says you rap and I'm not really seeing it dog Jonwayne: Um, yeah, no I don't really look like a rapper but yeah I do Fan: So you rap?
Jonwayne: I do rap.
Yeah, I make rap music, yeah Fan: Really?
Jonwayne: Yeah Fan: Really?
Jonwayne: Yeah.
It's not that great but it's-it's cool.
I'm glad she likes it Fan: Alright man.
I mean, I'm not really seeing it but uh Jonwayne: It's ok.
I mean, you know, you can You
Tube it later if you want, you know Fan: Alright man, well look, it's her birthday.
You know, I'm in the club, she's a fan, so...
it would mean a lot to me and I know it would mean a lot to her Jonwayne: I understand, and I'm kinda...
aw man I'm with my friends and I don't wanna do this right now Fan: If you spit a rap for her real quick Jonwayne: No!
I don't want to, like, it's a thing.
Like, what do you do for a living?
Office— Fan: I work at Radio Shack, bro Jonwayne: You work at Radio
Shack?
Well, go get me some cables right now.
You see what I mean?
Fan: Look bro, I don't want it to be like that, yo.
I'm not trying to like come at you I just, I'm just saying like...
Jonwayne: You're not going to leave me alone, are you?
Fan: I mean it's her birthday, dog.
I'm just saying Jonwayne: I'm with my boys right now Fan: I see the boys, and look I'm not trying to break it up [Verse 1] Ok, ok, alright alright, check check I'm coming to you live from the— Don't ask me for nothing I'm bout to kill this mic with the— You need to stop frontin Coming to you live from the— I could put your future in my duffle And still shoot you off some classics in the scuffle [Verse 2] Live from the fuck you!
Live from the— "
Jon, you know we never really loved you We're just touching base for the hook up." Looking for some daps like a piece to the puzzle Get in the huddle I'm about to bust this verse So here's a little story bout the way I make it hurt The way I make you learn how not to approach a man Who's suffering for his work Like a monkey in the circus Force in his power make a rapper short circuit I'm not the favor for this party but fuck it yo... [Verse 3] It's live from the— I'll crush this mic with the— (yeah) Just admire me from afar Dap with the— "
I appreciate your love and support But keep it moving before I ruin me for you One love and all that, I just humored you Now let me get back (
Ok, peace, thank you) Fan: That was fucking ill, dude!
What the fuck!
Jonwayne: Alright man, I gotta go.
Peace.
Yeah, alright man, peace Fan: What the fuck!
Yo, did you guys hear that man?
Yo, Jonwayne!