Do you know where we are?
I'm longing for the dark
Of our nocturnal life
It begins and ends with you
Don't spill my secret

Chorus:
You were once running wild hiding in the morning mist
Game in bonds - I make you mine
I thought that I could resist
But the leopard in you... silently... preyed on me

I made my way back home (did you follow her)
I handled her with care (quiet and controlled)
So elegant and sleek (when I'm not afraid)
I need her to be near (does she belong to you?)
Don't spill my secret

Chorus

Deserted by my friends (don't they understand?)
She so much more than them (how could they compare?)
So now she's just for me (no one else can say)
I watch her while she sleeps? (for sure she naps on you)?
Don't spill my secret

It's been quite a while
Since we were last outside can't lie I'll miss the chance
Now that we both partake can silence kill the cat?
Prisoners of our thoughts? the smell will throw us out?
Don't spill my secret
(Repeat during newscast)...

Newscast:

"Today a man was taken from his apartment on the New
Jersey shore and arrested
Under suspicion of entrapment of a wild animal. Police,
after forced entry,
Discovered a caged leopard in the building! The fully
grown feline was said
To be surprisingly domesticated.? before preparing her
for relocation.
A large crowd is gathered outside to watch the
beautiful creature as a giant
Cage was lowered slowly onto the street by a crane.
From here, the leopard
Was transferred into the back of a truck for the
journey ahead. A thoughtful
Onlooker said it's extraordinary to think that any
human being could have
Lived so? silently? with such a dangerous animal.
Police are saying the captive has simply befriended?
the creature and barely left her side. It's alleged
that he hunted her in the wild and expertly forged
documents to facilitate her illegal export to the
United States of America. The incident has already
created much controversy and is now likely to lead
to a major international investigation into the
life of the man who stole a leopard."