Let me tell you about a girl I know
Had a drink about an hour ago
Sittin' in a corner by herself
In a bar in downtown hell

She heard a noise and she looked to the door
And saw a man she'd never seen before
Light skin, light blue eyes
A double chin and a plastic smile, well
Her heart raced as he walked in the door
And took an empty seat next to her at the bar
A brand new car was parked right outside
"How'd you like to go for a ride?"

And she said, "Wait a minute, I have to think."
He said, "That's fine, may I please buy you a drink?"
One drink turned into three or four
And they left and got into his car
And they drove away some place real far

"Now, babe, the time has come.
How'd you like to have a little fun?"
And she said, "If we could only please be on our way, I would not run."

That's when things got out of control

She didn't want to, he had his way
She said "Let's go," He said "No way"
"Come on babe, it's your lucky day.
Shut your mouth, we're gonna do it my way!
Come on baby don't be afraid.
If it wasn't for date rape I'd never get laid."

He finished up; he started the car
He turned around and drove back to the bar
He said, " Now baby, don't be sad.
In my opinion, you weren't half bad."

She picked up a rock, threw it at the car
Hit him in the head, now he's got a big scar
Come on, party people won't you listen to me
Date rape story

Next day, she went to her drawer
Looked up her local attorney-at-law
Went to the phone and filed a police report
Then she took the guy's ass to court

Well, the day he stood in front of the judge
He screamed "She lies, that little slut!"
The judge knew that he was full of shit
And he gave him twenty-five years
Now his heart is filled with tears

One night in jail it was getting late
He was butt-raped by a large inmate
And he screamed
But the guards paid no attention to his cries

That's when things got out of control

The moral of the date rape story:
It does not pay to be drunk and horny

But that's the way it had to be
They locked him up and threw away the key
Well, I can't take pity on men of his kind
Even though he now takes it in the behind

But that's the way it had to be
They locked him up and threw away the key
Well, I can't take pity on men of his kind
Even though he now takes it in the behind

Date rape

She didn't want to
She didn't want to
She didn't want to
She didn't want to
Take it