How many cars can I buy till I run out of drive?
How much drive can I have, until I run out of road?
How much road can they pave, until I run out of land?
How much land can it be until I run in the ocean?
Niggas go with the motions and all the plans
See, I was never into the beaches and all the sands
See, I was in the woods with flowers, rainbows and posies
Falling out of my pocket, but ya'll want to know if I swam to cool down
How much cooler can I get until I run out of fans?
How many fans can I have until they turn on the AC?
If the AC blow up, then I'm TNT, I'm gone

I'm gone and I'm finished
And I ain't seen my friends in a minute
Guess that nothing lasts forever
No, nothing lasts forever
Nothing sticks together
Sick of sitting in doubt
Please let me figure this out

Shoutout to the girls that I lead on
For occasional head and always keeping my bed warm
And trying they hardest to keep my head on straight
And keeping me up enough 'til I had thought I was airborne
How many raps can I write 'til I get me a chain?
How many chains can I wear 'til I'm considered a slave?
How many slaves can it be 'til Nat Turner arrives?
How many riots can it be 'til them Black Lives Matter?
When niggas click, clack, splatter, pew, pew that nigga
Life a game of basketball, you better shoot that nigga
'Cause if that cop got tricky, he better pull
'Cause when I get pulled over, I usually play it cool
'Cause I know what I'm driving is usually paid in full
And my ego and possessions, will not let me be one
Because I got a mansion, my mansion got some rooms
And rooms got some windows and my windows got some views
And views get some stairs and my backyard does too
And if you walk to the bottom, you'll probably see a pool
You better not drown, keep them ten toes up
'Cause if those ten toes down, that mean that you fucked up
And that's what I swim in

And if I drown and don't come back?
Who's gonna know? (Baby, then I'll know)
And if I crash and don't come back?
Who's gonna know? (Baby, then I'll know)
And if I fall and don't come back?
Who's gonna know? (Baby, then I'll know)
I'm wondering if I don't come back
Baby, then I'll know

Don't come back
Don'tcome back
Yeah, don't come back
Don't come back, no, no