Let's see here, uh, (301) 776 43--
This motherfucker better pick up the God damn phone this time, Jesus Christ
Thank you for calling Rattpack Industries...
Yes, hello...
Where we don't fuck with anybody (Fuck)
Somebody will be with you momentarily
Jesus man, seriously, Jesus bro, the fuck, bro?
Current wait time is 1 minute
Fuck man, these motherfuckers better not have me waiting all God damn day in here, Jesus
While you wait, please listen to a word from our sponsors
You know, it's crazy 'cause it's two types of motherfuckers
It's one motherfucker talking about
"Oh Logic's so slept on, he's so low key"
Knowing damn well this motherfucker did 135K first week
First fucking week
Then it's other motherfuckers talking about
"Oh Logic's blowing up, he getting so big now"
"I don't want him to blow up on me"
"Oh Logic's changing"
'Cause he made a turnt ass mixtape
We're gonna be bumping this shit the whole summer, the fuck?
Current wait time, is 36 minutes
36 minutes!?
It was just a min-, it was just one minute
What the fuck!?
And do y'all not listen to lyrics?
He's makin' a whole other concept album
That's fucking insane
This man dropped a project every year, for six years
I mean, I'm not complainin' or no but
Current wait time is 1 hour 40 minutes
What? One hou-? What? What the f-?
This, this is, this is gotta be hands down the fucking worst customer service of all time, you can just...
This man made a No. 1 album (What?)
Made a mixtape after (My God)
And then he's making another concept album (This is fuckin' bullshit)
Like his first shit didn't already go No. 1 (Nobody cares)
This motherfuckers' on a roll (Nobody cares)
This motherfuckers like butter, he's on a roll, motherfucker
Current wait time (Okay God, thank God) is 16 hours
What the f-? What?
WHAT THE FUCK!?
And it's peace, love and positivity
Logic is the only rap concert you can go to and not get shot in the face
Like, this motherfucker actually loves his fans
You name it: Youtube videos, Periscope, Vlogs, Q&A's
This motherfucker does it all
You name it, he does it, the fuck?
What fuckin' rapper does that?
Current wait time (okay) is...
Go, fuck yourself
G-Go fuck
And this motherfucker could solve (WHAT?) seven rubix cubes in a minute? (Nobody)
Who the fuck do you know can do that? (This is ridiculous)
No one is available at this time
WHAT!? I'm gonna let this motherfucker have it!!

Please leave a message after the tone...

Oh, hey, hi, Logic, hey, how's it goin'?
My name's Mar- Ric- Uhh, my name's Randy Mardoff
Definitely, uh, never spoken before
I was just calling to say, uh
I just wanted to wish you, ugh, lots of suc- lots of suc- lots of success and uhm
Maybe sometime we can have some lunch, uh, I don't know if this is a direct line to you
But yeah, once again this is, uhm, uhm
Randy Mardoff
Never spoken before
You can call me back, at any time

M-kay
Bye bye

Oh shit...
Fuck...
I didn't leave my number
I gotta fuckin' call back and deal with this shit again