One by one, the young will fall
Indoctrinating process growing.
Some too weak to fight at all, who controls their future?
God above, or God below, questions no one can answer.

Live the truth, or die to know, it's my agnostic vision.
Jews killing Muslims, and Christians killing Jews.
The circle is unending, and all sides always lose.
If faith is blind devotion, then death is the result.

When history is rotten
The young young and pure grow dead and cold.
I don't need a book for saving, fellowship or days of praying.
Organizing means dilution, and results in persecution.

Through it all I keep a vision, understand what I believe in.
Truth is not the faith you follow
It's far more than you can ever know.
Religion, the burden we carry forth.
Mankind, addicted--the drug spreads on.
Paranoia eats all reason, driving their crusading mission.
Zealotry from Rome to Mecca, millions more become infected.

God cannot be mass-projected
Or beaten out through forced confessions.
It's for all of us to ponder

Not for dogmas chains to hold us down.
Wake up, and put the past where it belongs.
Just beat them back till they are gone

caause their doctrines lead to misery.
Their prophets preaching fantasy
How can they hold themselves
Above the rest?
From holy birth to martyrs death, the moral quest for life beyond.
It's just a pipe dream for the paranoid
The empty words of holy books

Will mislead all those that read.
Buried in the lines of text are the myths that feed their needs.
Born from flesh, just like all earth down below
Which came from a life form we can never know
(in our present context).
Pray for a world that only God above can save?
The church is the reason why they lost their way.
Crusades and Inquisitions, holy wars, Jihad
They are the willing victims of a grand facade.
Above it all, the lies are told.
The masses follow without question.
First to die, or last to go, I know my convictions.
Flesh and blood, and spirit life, the trinity of my perception.
Dead awake, or sleeping dead, we will find out in the end.