I hide myself inside the shadows of shame.
The silent symphonies were playing their game.
My body echoed to the dreams of my soul,
inside is something that I could not control.

Where can I run to now? The joke is on me.
No sympathizing God is insanity, yeah.
Why don't you just get out of my life yeah?
Why don't you just get out of my life now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone yeah?

Obsessed with fantasy, possessed with my schemes,
I mixed reality with pseudo-God dreams.
The ghost of violence was something I've seen.
I sold my soul to be the human obscene.

How could this poison be the dream of my soul?
How did my fantasies take complete control, yeah?
Why don't you just get out of my life yeah?
Why don't you just get out of my life now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone now?
Why doesn't everybody leave me alone yeah?

Well I feel something's taken me I don't know where;
it's like a trip inside a separate mind.
The ghost of tomorrow from my favorite dream
is telling me to leave it all behind.

Feel it slipping away, slipping in tomorrow.
Got to get to happiness, want no more of sorrow.
How I lied, went to hide,
how I tried to get away from you, now.
Am I right, if I fight?
That I might just get away from you, now.
Sting me!

Well I feel something's giving me the chance to resign;
it's giving me the chance of saving my soul.
Beating the demigod, I'm fading away,
I'm going backwards but I'm in control.

Feel it slipping away, slipping in tomorrow.
Getting back to sanity, from the depths of sorrow.
Was it wise, to disguise,
how I tried to get away from you now?
Is there a way, that I could pay,
or is it true I have to stay with you now?

How I lied, went to hide,
how I tried to get away from you, now,
Am I right, if I fight?
That I might just get away from you, now.
Suck me!

I'm really digging Schizophrenia, the best of the earth,
I've seized my soul in the fires of Hell.
Peace of mind eluded me, but now it's all mine.
I simply try, but he wants me to fail.

Feel it slipping away, slipping in tomorrow.
Now I've found my happiness, providence of sorrow.
No more lies, I got wise.
I despise the way I worshipped you, yeah.
Now I'm free, can't you see,
and now instead I won't be led by you, now.
FREE!