Mmmmm, yeah

How do I not know that I am first?
I put all much effort into everyone except the one who hurts
Aim to please I got what you need don't reject me I need validated worth
Spread me thin love to see you win pray to
God for the better or the worst

And I know I know I know I know
I care about everybody else
I should make some time baby, I need to make time for myself
I know I know I know I know
I worry about everybody else
I should make some time baby, I need to make time for myself

Momma on my phone like...
Boy you need to focus on your health
Work out proper, eat more veggies, drink more water tomorrows not promised for yourself
I'm distracted this the last time I'm relapsing
Earth & happy potions oh how swell. What you up to oh not much shit let's cut loose match in heaven fires set in hell

And I know I know I know I know
I care about everybody else
I should make some time baby, I need to make time for myself
I know I know I know I know
I worry about everybody else
I should make some time baby, I need to make time for myself.

Time
All in due time
I am like in God design
I put my heart on the line
I'm not the worrying kind
But I can not hurry what's mine
My daddy made dishes & sent me well wishes black chicken rice curry & thyme
Money don't matter my way
Mentals been lathered in rage
Compartmentalizing my judgement on others elitist when asked of my day
They are not better than I
But am I much better than self?
What's better than you as you are?
What's better than truth in yo heart?
I pull up where nigga can't see me
I need some space to move freely
Just incase niggas go postal
Fuck out my way I don't know you
This is not twitter nigga do not be confused by the result of them protools. Let's keep it civil & noble. Gentrification & Whole Foods
I wanna be more than expected
I'm talking well & respected
I'm talking vanity levels that might make devil look back with obsession
God got lock on my heart, Lucy clench on my flesh. You give him the will to seek out on free thrills add a conscience & what you expect

I worry about everybody else
I need to make time for myself